Scene:

A neighbourhood on a street called Privet Drive. An owl, sitting on the street sign flies off to reveal a mysterious appearing old man walking through a forest near the street. He stops at the start of the street and takes out a mechanical device and zaps all the light out of the lampposts. He puts away the device and a cat meows. The man, ALBUS DUMBLEDORE, looks down at the cat, which is a tabby and is sitting on a brick ledge.

 

Dumbledore: I should have known that you would be here...Professor McGonagall.


The cat meows, sniffs out and the camera pans back to a wall. The cats shadow is seen progressing into a human. There are footsteps and MINERVA MCGONAGALL is revealed.

 

McGonagall: Good evening, Professor Dumbledore. Are the rumours true, Albus?

 

Dumbledore: I'm afraid so, Professor. The good, and the bad.

McGonagall: And the boy?

Dumbledore: Hagrid is bringing him.

McGonagall: Do you think it wise to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?

Dumbledore: Ah, Professor, I would trust Hagrid with my life.

 

There is a motor sound, and the two professors look up to see a flying motorcycle coming down from the air. It skids on the street and halts. A large man, RUBEUS HAGRID, takes off his goggles.

 

Hagrid: Professor Dumbledore, Sir. Professor McGonagall.

Dumbledore: No problems, I trust, Hagrid?

Hagrid: No, sir. Little tyke fell asleep just as we were flying over Bristol. Heh. Try not to wake him. There you go.

 

Hagrid hands a baby in a blanket over to Dumbledore.

 

McGonagall: Albus, do you really think its safe, leaving him with these people? I've been watching them all day. They're the worst sort of Muggles imaginable. They really are

Dumbledore: The only family he has.

 

They stop outside a house.

 

McGonagall: This boy will be famous. There wont be a child in our world who doesn't know his name.

Dumbledore: Exactly. He's better off growing up away from all that. Until he is ready.

 

Hagrid coughs and sniffles, he is crying. He clears his throat.

 

Dumbledore: There, there, Hagrid. It's not really good-bye, after all.

 

Hagrid nods. Dumbledore takes a letter and places it on the baby, who is now at the foot of the door. The baby has a visible lightning-bolt shaped scar on his forehead.

 

Dumbledore: Good luck...Harry Potter.

 

The camera pans into the scar and the opening title shows:

HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE


Almost ten years after the: DURSLEY's home. The camera pans on a sleeping boy, almost eleven, with a lightning-bolt shaped scar on his forehead.

There is a click, and knocking. Outside, a tall woman, PETUNIA DURSLEY, raps the door.

 

Petunia: Up. Get up. {Knocks} {sighs} Now! {Smacks door of closet which is the boys bedroom}

 

A large, tubby boy, DUDLEY DURSLEY, suddenly comes running down the stairs above the closet. He stops half-way down and goes back, jumping on the staircase.

 

Dudley: Wake up, cousin! We're going to the zoo!

 

Dudley laughs, comes down the stairs and runs for the kitchen. The boy, HARRY POTTER, tries to come out of the closet, but is pushed back in by Dudley.

 

Petunia is in the kitchen, where Dudley has gone.

 

Petunia: Oh, here he comes, the birthday boy!

 

A larger man, VERNON DURSLEY, is sitting at the kitchen table.

 

Vernon: Happy birthday, son.

 

Petunia and Dudley giggle together. Harry comes into the kitchen, dressed in rags.

 

Petunia: Why don't you just cook the breakfast, and try not to burn anything.

Harry: Yes, Aunt Petunia.

 

He sets to work.

 

Petunia: I want everything to be perfect for my Dudley's special day.

Vernon: Hurry up! Bring my coffee, boy!

Harry: Yes, Uncle Vernon.

 

Petunia leads Dudley over to the family room, where there are a vast amount of presents. Dudley stares.

 

Dudley: How many are there?

Vernon: Thirty-six. Counted 'em myself.

Dudley: Thirty-six?! But last year last year I got thirty-seven!!

Vernon: Yes, well, some of them are quite a bit bigger than last year!

Dudley: I don't care how big they are!

Petunia: Oh, now, now, now. This is what we're going to do, is that when we go out we're going to buy you two new presents! How's that, Pumpkin?

 

Scene:

Outside, morning. The happy family is heading to the car. Harry goes to get in but is stopped by Vernon.

 

Petunia: This will be a lovely day at the zoo. I'm really looking forward to it.

Vernon: I'm warning you now, boy. Any funny business, any at all, and you won't have any meals for a week. Get in.

 

Scene:

The zoo. The family is in the reptile house, looking at a large BOA CONSTRICTOR.

 

Dudley: Make it move.

Vernon raps the glass of the cage.

 

Vernon: Move!

 

Dudley raps the glass much harder, and Vernon winces.

 

Dudley: MOVE!

Harry: He's asleep!

Dudley: He's boring.

 

Dudley and his parents retreat to another enclosure. Harry is left with the snake.

 

Harry: Sorry about him. He doesn't understand what it's like, lying there day after day, having people press their ugly faces in on you.

 

The snake looks up and blinks.

 

Harry: Can you...hear me? {The snake nods} It's just...I've never talked to a snake before. Do you...I mean...do you talk to people often? {The snake shakes its head} You're from Burma, aren't you? Was it nice there, do you miss your family? {The snake turns its head in the direction of a sign which says, Bred in Captivity} I see. That's me as well. I never knew my parents, either.

 

The now awake snake has attracted Dudley's attention. He rips over to the cage, knocking Harry to the floor.

 

Dudley: Mummy, dad, come here! You won't believe what this snake is doing!!

 

Dudley puts his hands on the glass wall. Harry, from the ground, glares at him. Suddenly, the glass disappears. Dudley wretches forward.

 

Dudley: Whoa! Ahh! Ahh!!

 

Dudley falls into the snake enclosure, sputtering in a pool of water. The snake gets out of the exhibit, stopping in front of Harry.

 

Snake: Thankssssssss.

Harry: Anytime.

 

The snake starts off.

 

Man: SNAKE!

 

There is a lot of screaming as the snake heads for freedom. Dudley gets up to get out, but the glass is now back over the enclosure. He is stuck. He pounds the glass.

 

Dudley: Mum, mummy!

Petunia: {Sees him} AHH!

Dudley: Mum, help! Help me!

Petunia: My darling boy! How did you get in there?!

Harry: {Grins and giggles}

 

Vernon glares down at him and Harry's grin disappears. Petunia continues screaming: How did you get in there? Dursley, oh, Dursley!

 

Scene:

Back at the Dursley's. Petunia and a bundled up Dudley come in.

Petunia: It's all right. It's all right.

 

They disappear around the corner. Harry and Vernon enter. Vernon slams the door and shoves Harry against a wall, taking his hair.

 

Harry: Ow!

Vernon: What happened?

Harry: I swear I don't know! One minute the glass was there and then it was gone! It was like magic!

Vernon: {Scoffs and shoves Harry into the closet} There's no such thing as magic!

 

Scene:

Outside, some time later. An owl flies by the house and drops a letter, which zooms in the letterbox. It lands away from the house and hoots.

Harry, inside, goes to collect the mail. He sorts through the letters and sees his, addressed to him. He goes into the kitchen, hands Vernon the rest of the mail, and walks around the other side of the table to see his letter.

 

Vernon: Ah, Marge is ill. Ate a funny whelk.

Dudley: {Sees Harrys letter. He runs and grabs it} Dad, look! Harry's got a letter!!

Harry: Hey, give it back! It's mine!

Vernon: {Laughs} Yours? Who'd be writing to you?

 

The family gathers to look at the address. There is a broken seal on the letter. The family looks up and Harry gulps.

 

Scene:

Another owl flies by with a letter and drops it off. Inside, Vernon grabs a handful of letters and rips them up.

In the closet, Harry hears a whirring noise. He looks out at Vernon drilling wood over the letterbox opening.

 

Vernon: No more mail through this letterbox.

 

Scene:

Outside, Vernon and Petunia appear. Vernon is about to head off to work. Petunia kisses his cheek.

 

Petunia: Have a lovely day at the office, dear.

 

She stops, looks and sees a bunch of owls.

 

Vernon: Shoo! Go on!

 

Scene:

Inside. Vernon is tossing letters into the fireplace. Harry comes around the corner. Vernon grins evilly and tosses more in.

 

Scene:

Living/Family room. The family is sitting around, Harry is serving cookies.

 

Vernon: Fine day Sunday. In my opinion, best day of the week. Why is that, Dudley?

 

Dudley shrugs.

 

Harry: {Hands cookie to Vernon} Because there's no post on Sunday? Ah, right you are, Harry. No post on Sunday. Hah! No blasted letters today. No, sir. {Harry sees a shadow outside the window. Outside, millions of owls are perched.} No sir, not one blasted, miserable---

 

A letter shoots out of the fireplace and zips across Vernons face. There is a rumbling and then zillions of letters come shooting out of the fireplace.

 

Dudley: AHH! Make it stop! Please make it stop! {He jumps on Petunias lap}

Petunia and Vernon: {Screaming}

Vernon: Go away, ahh!

Dudley: What is it? Please tell me what's happening!

 

Harry jumps onto the coffee table to grab a letter. He gets one and starts to run away. Vernon jumps up as well.

 

Vernon: Give me that! Give me that letter!

 

He chases Harry and grabs him before Harry gets into his closet.

 

Harry: Get off! Ahh!

Vernon: Ahh!

Harry: They're my letters! Let go of me!

Vernon: That's it! We're going away! Far away! Where they can't find us!

Dudley: Daddy's gone mad, hasnt he?!

 

Scene:

A house, on a rock island somewhere out at sea. The family is sleeping, with Harry on the cold, dirt floor. He has drawn a birthday cake which reads, Happy Birthday Harry. Harry looks at Dudley's watch, which beeps 12:00.

 

Harry: Make a wish, Harry. {Blows}

 

Suddenly, the door thumps. Harry jumps. The door thumps again and Dudley and Harry jump up and back away. Petunia and Vernon appear, Vernon with a gun. The door bangs again and then cracks open, and a giant man appears.

 

Vernon: Who's there? Ahh!

Hagrid: Sorry 'bout that. {He puts the door back up}

Vernon: I demand that you leave at once, Sir! You are breaking and entering!

Petunia: Ooh.

 

Hagrid comes over, grabs the gun and bends it upwards.

 

Hagrid: Dry up, Dursley, you great prune. {The gun fires}

All: Ahh!

Hagrid: {sees Dudley} Mind, I haven't seen you since you was a baby, Harry, but you're a bit more along than I would have expected. Particularly 'round the middle!

Dudley: I-I-I'm not Harry.

Harry appears: I-I am.

Hagrid: Oh, well, of course you are! Got something for ya. 'Fraid I might have sat on it at some point! I imagine that it'll taste fine just the same. Ahh. Baked it myself. {Hands Harry the cake} Words and all. Heh.

Harry: Thank you! {Opens cake, which reads: Happee Birdae Harry.}

Hagrid: It's not every day that your young man turns eleven, now is it?

 

Hagrid sits down on the couch, takes out an umbrella and points it at the empty fire. Poof, poof! Two sparks fly out and the fire starts. The family gapes.

 

Harry: {puts cake down} Excuse me, who are you?

Hagrid: Rubeus Hagrid. Keeper of keys and grounds at Hogwarts. Course, you'll know all about Hogwarts.

Harry: Sorry, no.

Hagrid: No? Blimey, Harry, didn't you ever wonder where your mum and dad learned it all?

Harry: Learnt what?

Hagrid: You're a wizard, Harry.

Harry: I-I'm a what?

Harry: A wizard. And a thumping good one at that, I'd wager. Once you train up a little.

Harry: No, you've made a mistake. I can't be...a-a wizard. I mean, I'm just... Harry. Just Harry.

Hagrid: Well, Just Harry, did you ever make anything happen? Anything you couldn't explain when you were angry or scared? {Harry softens his expression} Ah.

Dudley: {whimpers}

 

Hagrid hands Harry the same letter that has been sent the past while. Harry opens it.

 

Harry: Dear, Mr. Potter. We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts' School of Witchcraft and Wizardry!

Vernon: Hell not be going! We swore when we took him in wed put an end to this rubbish!

Harry: You knew?? You knew all along and you never told me?

Petunia: Of course we knew. How could you not be? My perfect sister being who she was. Oh, my mother and father were so proud the day she got her letter. We have a witch in the family. Isn't it wonderful? I was the only one to see her for what she was. A freak! And then she met that Potter, and then she had you, and I knew you'd be just the same, just as strange, just as ... abnormal. And then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up! And we got landed with you.

Harry: Blown up? You told me my parents died in a car crash!

Hagrid: A car crash? A car crash kill James and Lily Potter?

Petunia: We had to tell him something.

Hagrid: It's an outrage! It's a scandal!

Vernon: He'll not be going!

Hagrid: Oh, and I suppose a great Muggle like yourself's going to stop him, are you?

Harry: Muggle?

Hagrid: Non magic folk. This boy's had his name down ever since he was born! He's going to the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world, and he'll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts' has ever seen: Albus Dumbledore.

Vernon: I will not pay for some crackpot old fool to teach him magic tricks!

Hagrid: {whips out umbrella and points it at Vernon} Never insult Albus Dumbledore in front of me.

 

Hagrid sees Dudley eating Harry's cake, and points the umbrella at his rear. A grey tail grows.

 

Dudley: Ahh!

All: Ahh! {family chases Dudley}

Harry: {laughs}

Hagrid: Oh, um, I'd appreciate if you didn't tell anyone at Hogwarts about that. Strictly speaking, I'm not allowed to do magic.

Harry: {Nods} Okay.

Hagrid: {checks a clock} Ooh, we're a bit behind schedule. Best be off. Unless you'd rather stay, of course. Hmm? {Leaves}

 

Harry grins, looks back, and grins again.

 

Scene:

Streets of London. Hagrid and Harry are walking.

Harry: All students must be equipped with...one standard size two pewter cauldron and may bring if they desire either an owl, a cat or a toad. Can we find all this in London?

Hagrid: If you know where to go.

 

They go to a corner store and enter, The Leaky Cauldron.

{Music and talking}

 

Barkeep Tom: Ah, Hagrid! The usual, I presume?

Hagrid: No thanks, Tom. I'm on official Hogwarts business today. Just helping young Harry here buy his school supplies.

Tom: Bless my soul. It's Harry Potter.

 

The pub goes silent. A man comes up and shakes Harrys hand.

 

Man: Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.

 

A witch comes up and shakes Harrys hand, as well.

 

Witch: Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter. I can't believe I'm meeting you at last.

 

A man in robes with a turban on his head appears. It is PROFESSOR QUIRRELL.

 

Quirrell: Harry P-potter. C-can't tell you how pleased I am to meet you.

Hagrid: Hello, Professor. I didn't see you there. Harry, this is Professor Quirrell. He'll be your Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts.

Harry: Oh, nice to meet you. {Puts out hand. Quirrell refuses}

Quirrell: F-fearfully fascinating subject. N-not that you need it, e-eh, Potter? Heheh.

Hagrid: Yes, well, must be going now. Lots to buy. Heh.

Harry: Good-bye.

 

The two leave into a back room winery in front of a brick wall.

 

Hagrid: See, Harry, you're famous!

Harry: But why am I famous, Hagrid? All those people back there, how is it they know who I am?

Hagrid: I'm not exactly sure I'm the right person to tell you that, Harry. {Taps the brick wall clockwise with his umbrella. The blocks shift and open up to reveal a hidden, busy street.}

Welcome, Harry, to Diagon Alley.

Hagrid: Here's where you'll get your quills and ink, and over there all your bits and bobs for doing your wizardry.

Harry is amazed as they pass by shops and owls and bats. The camera pans on a broom store, where a group of boys are crowded around a shiny broom.

 
Boy: It's a world class racing broom. Look at it, its the new Nimbus 2000! It's the fastest model yet.

Harry: But, Hagrid, how am I to pay for all this? I haven't any money.

Hagrid: Well there's your money, Harry. Gringotts, the Wizard Bank. T'aint no place safer, 'cept perhaps Hogwarts.
 

Inside the bank, they walk down the shiny aisle, passing tiny creatures working.

 

Harry: Uh, Hagrid, what exactly are those things?

Hagrid: They're goblins, Harry. Clever as they come goblins but not the most friendly of beasts. Best stick close to me. {Harry sticks to him.} {Hagrid clears his throat as they approach a counter with a goblin in it.} Mr. Harry Potter wishes to make a withdrawal.

 

The goblin looks up.

 

Goblin: And does Mr. Harry Potter have his key?

Hagrid: Oh. Wait a minute. Got it here somewhere. Hah. Here's the little devil. Oh, and there's something else as well. Professor Dumbledore gave me this. It's about you-know-what in vault you-know-which. {Hands Goblin letter wrapped in string.}

Goblin: Very well.

 

Scene:

Racing down the depth caverns in a cartlike structure. The cart stops, a goblin, GRIPHOOK, clambers out.

 

Griphook: Vault 687. Lamp, please. {Hagrid hands him the lamp and he walks to the vault} Key please. {Hagrid hands him the key and he unlocks it}

 

The room is filled nearly top to bottom with coins. Harry is amazed.

 

Hagrid: Didn't think your mum and dad would leave you with nothing, now didja?

 

They continue on through the cavern.

 

Griphook: Vault 713.

Harry: What's in there, Hagrid?

Hagrid: Can't tell you, Harry. It's Hogwarts business. Very secret.

Griphook: Stand back. {Slides finger down the door. Clank. Clank. The vault opens to expose a small white stone package. Hagrid hurries in and scoops it up. The eerie light it was shining with disappears.}

 

Hagrid: Best not mention this to anyone, Harry.

Harry nods.

 

Scene: Outside in the street, walking.

 

Harry: I still need...a wand.

Hagrid: A wand? Well, you'll want Ollivanders. No place better. Run along there, but wait. I just got one more thing I got to do. Won't be long.

 

Harry goes into the store, quietly. He looks around. There are shelves of wands, but no people.

 

Harry: {Softly} Hello? Hello?

 

There is a thunk. A man appears on a ladder and looks at Harry. He smiles.

 

Ollivander: I wondered when I'd be seeing you, Mr. Potter. It seems only yesterday that your mother and father were in here buying their first wands. {Picks a wand} Ah. Here we are. {Harry holds it but just stands} Well, give it a wave.

Harry: Oh! {waves. All the shelves come crashing down. Harry jumps and hurriedly puts the wand back on the counter.}

Ollivander: Apparently not. {Gets another wand.} Perhaps this. {Harry waves at a vase, which blows apart.} No, no, definitely not! No matter...{gets a wand} I wonder. {Hands wand to Harry. Harry glows under it.} Curious, very curious.

Harry: Sorry, but what's curious?

Ollivander: I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. It just so happens that the phoenix, whose tail feather resides in your wand gave one other feather, just one. It is curious that you should be destined for this wand when its brother gave you that scar. {Points to scar}

Harry: And...who owned that wand?

Ollivander: Oh, we do not speak his name. The wand chooses the wizard, Mr. Potter. It's not always clear why, but I think it is clear that we can expect great things from you. After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things...terrible, yes, but great. {Hands Harry his wand.}

 

There is a knock on the window.

 

Hagrid: Harry! Harry! Happy birthday! {Has a snowy owl in a cage which hoots.}

Harry: Wow.

 

Scene: Later, eating supper. The two, Hagrid and Harry, are at a long table, eating soup.

 

Hagrid: You all right, Harry? You seem very quiet.

Harry: He killed my parents, didn't he? The one who gave me this. You know, Hagrid, I know you do.

Hagrid: {Sighs and pushes bowl away} First, and understand this, Harry, 'cause it's very important. Not all wizards are good. Some of them go bad. A few years ago there was one wizard who went as bad as you can go. And his name was V-...his name was V-...

Harry: Maybe if you wrote it down?

Hagrid: No, I can't spell it. All right. His name was Voldemort.

Harry: Voldemort?

Hagrid: Shh!!

{Harry looks around}

 

A flashback ensues, consisting off a cloaked man walking towards a house, breaking in with his wand, and proceeding to terrorize. Hagrid narrates.

 

Hagrid: It was dark times, Harry, dark times. Voldemort started to gather some followers, brought 'em over to the dark side. Anyone that stood up to him ended up dead. Your parents fought against him, but nobody lived once he decided to kill 'em. {Harrys mother, LILY, screams as she is killed by Voldemorts wand} Nobody...not one. Except you. {close-up of baby Harry.}

Harry: Me? Voldemort tried to kill...me?

Hagrid: Yes. That ain't no ordinary cut on your forehead, Harry. A mark like that only comes from being touched by a curse...and an evil curse at that.

Harry: What happened to Vo-...to You-Know-Who?

Hagrid: Some say he died. Codswallop in my opinion. Nope, I reckon he's out there, still, too tired to go on. But one thing's absolutely certain. Something about you stumped him that night. That's why you're famous, Harry. That's why everbody knows your name. You're the boy who lived.

 


  
Scene: London Train Station. Up on a crossing bridge, Harry (with cart and owl) walk beside Hagrid.

 

A couple look at Hagrid.

 

Hagrid: What're you looking at? {Looks at watch} Blimey, is that the time?? Sorry, Harry, I'm gonna have to leave you. Dumbledore'll be wanting his...well, he'll be wanting to see me. Now, uh, your train leaves in 10 minutes. Here's your ticket. Stick to it, Harry that's very important. Stick to your ticket.

 

Harry looks at his golden ticket.

 

Harry: Platform 9 3/4? But Hagrid, there must be a mistake. This says Platform 9 3/4. There's no such thing...is there? {Harry looks up and Hagrid has vanished.}

 

Scene: Harry is walking down lane between trains. A man rushes by.

 

Man: Sorry.

Harry sees a train master.

Harry: Excuse me, excuse me.

Trainmaster: {talking to woman and child} Right on your left, ma'am.

Harry: Excuse me, Sir. Can you tell me where I might find Platform 9 3/4?

Trainmaster: 9 3/4? Think youre being funny, do ya? {Leaves}

 

A woman, daughter, and four boys walk by, pushing carts.

 

Mrs. Weasley: It's the same year after year. Always packed with Muggles, of course.

Harry: Muggles?

Mrs. Weasley: Come on. Platform 9 3/4 this way! All right, Percy, you first.

 

A tall boy with red hair comes forward and runs towards a brick wall. Amazingly, he disappears right into it. Harry is amazed.

 

Mrs. Weasley: Fred, you next.

George: He's not Fred, I am!

Fred: Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother!

Mrs. Weasley: Oh, I'm sorry, George.

Fred: I'm only joking. I am Fred. {He runs through the wall, and is followed by his twin brother.}

 

Harry shakes his head in disbelief.

 

Harry: Excuse me! C-could you tell me how to

Mrs. Weasley: How to get on the platform? Yes, not to worry, dear. It's Ron's first time to Hogwarts as well. {pan to a red haired boy who smiles} Now, all you've got to do is walk straight at the wall between platforms 9 and 10. Best do it at a bit of a run if youre nervous.

Ginny (daughter): Good luck.

 

Harry takes a breath and runs at the wall. He shuts his eyes and emerges on the other side a magnificent station with a red train and bundles of people. A whistle blows, and Harry sighs with relief.

 

Scene: The train is traveling through unknown country. Pan to inside compartment, where Harry is sitting. The red headed boy, RON, appears, dirt on his nose.

 

Ron: Excuse me, do you mind? Everywhere else is full.

Harry: No, not at all.

Ron: {sits across from Harry} I'm Ron, by the way. Ron Weasley.

Harry: I'm Harry. Harry Potter.

{Ron goes agape.}

Ron: So-so it's true?! I mean, do you really have the...the...

Harry: The what?

Ron: {whispers} Scar...?

Harry: Oh, yeah. {lifts up hair}

Ron: Wicked.

A trolley comes by the compartment, full of sweets.

Woman: Anything off the trolley, dears?

Ron: {Holds up mushed sandwiches} No, thanks, I'm all set. {smacks lips.}

Harry: {pulls out coins} We'll take the lot!

Ron: Whoa!

 

Scene: Eating bundles of sweets.

Ron's rat, Scabbers, is perched on Ron's knee, a box over its head.

 

Harry: Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans?

Ron: They mean every flavour! There's chocolate and peppermint, and there's also spinach, liver and tripe. George sweared he got a bogey-flavoured one once!

 

Harry quickly takes the bean he was chewing out of his mouth.

 

Harry: {picks up blue and gold package} These aren't real chocolate frogs, are they?

Ron: It's only a spell. Besides, it's the cards you want. Each pack's got a famous witch or wizard. I got about 500 meself.

Frog: Ribbit. {The frog jumps onto the window and climbs up, then leaps out the window...disappearing.}

Ron: Oh, that's rotten luck. They've only got one good jump in them to begin with.

Harry: Hey, I got Dumbledore!

Ron: I got about 6 of him.

Harry: Hey, he's gone!

Ron: Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day, can you? {Scabbers squeaks} This is Scabbers, by the way, pitiful, isn't he?

Harry: Just a little bit.

Ron: Fred gave me a spell as to turn him yellow. Want to see?

Harry: Yeah!

Ron: {clears throat} Ahem. Sun-

 

A girl, HERMIONE GRANGER, with bushy brown hair appears at the doorway.

 

Hermione: Has anyone seen a toad? A boy named Neville's lost one.

Ron: No.

Hermione: Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see then.

Ron: Aghhhemm. Sunshine, daises, butter mellow, turn this stupid fat rat yellow!

{Zap. Nothing happens. Ron shrugs.}

Hermione: Are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good, is it? Of course I've only tried a few simple spells myself, and they've all worked for me. For example...{Hermione goes over and sits across from Harry. He points her hand at his glasses and Harry tenses} Oculus Reparo. {The glasses, which noseband is battered, are repaired. Harry takes them off, amazed.} That's better, isn't it? Holy Cricket, you're Harry Potter. I'm Hermione Granger...and you are...?

Ron: {full mouth} I'm...Ron Weasley.

Hermione: Pleasure. You two better change into your robes. I expect we'll be arriving soon. {Gets up and leaves, then comes back and looks at Ron.} You've got dirt, on your nose, by the way, did you know? Just there. {Points} {Ron scratches his nose, embarrassed.}

 

Scene: Darkness, the train blows its whistle and pulls into an outdoor station. Hagrid walks along the side aisle, with a lantern. People begin pouring out of the train.

 

Hagrid: Right, then! First years! This way, please! Come on, now, don't be shy! Come on now, hurry up!

 

Harry and Ron walk up to Hagrid.

 

Hagrid: Hello, Harry.

Harry: Hey, Hagrid.

Ron: Whoaa!

Hagrid: Right then. This way to the boats! Come on, now, follow me.

 

Scene:

A number of boats are plugging across a vast lake, where up ahead a huge castle can be seen. People are in awe.

Ron: Wicked.

 

Scene: On a higher level, Professor McGonagall is waiting. She raps her fingers on a stone railing, and then goes to the top of the stairs to greet the newcomers.

 

McGonagall: Welcome to Hogwarts. Now, in a few moments, you will pass through these doors and join your classmates. But before you can take your seats you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin. Now, while you are here, your house will be like your family. Your triumphs will earn you house points. Any rule breaking, and you will lose points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup

 

NEVILLE LONGBOTTOM, a scared looking boy, spots his toad sitting near McGonagall. He jumps forward.

 

Neville: Trevor! {McGonagall stares down at him} Sorry. {He backs away.}

McGonagall: The sorting ceremony will begin momentarily. {leaves}

 

DRACO MALFOY, a slicked back evil looking boy speaks up.

 

Draco: It's true then, what they're saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts. {Students whisper, Harry Potter?} This is Crabbe, and Goyle {nods to thugs} and I'm Malfoy...Draco Malfoy. {Ron snickers at his name} Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask yours. Red hair, and a hand me down robe? You must be a Weasley. Well soon find that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. Dont want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there. {extends hand.}

Harry: I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks.

 

Draco glares. McGonagall returns and smacks him on the shoulder with a paper. He retreats with one last glare.

 

McGonagall: We're ready for you now.

 

She leads everyone through two large doors and into the Great Hall, where there are four long tables with many kids, as well as floating candles. The roof appears to be the sky.

 

Hermione: It's not real, the ceiling. It's just bewitched to look like the night sky. I read about it in Hogwarts: A History.

McGonagall: All right, will you wait along here, please? Now, before we begin, Professor Dumbldedore would like to say a few words.

 

Dumbledore rises from the main table.

 

Dumbledore: I have a few start of term notices I wish to announce. The first years please note that the dark forest is strictly forbidden to all students. Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch {signals to ragged old man with a cat with red eyes} has asked me to remind you that the 3rd floor corridor on the right hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a most painful death. Thank you.

McGonagall: When I call your name, you will come forth, I shall place the sorting hat on your head, and you will be sorted into your houses. Hermione Granger.

Hermione: Oh, no. Okay, relax. {She goes up}

Ron: Mental that one, I'm telling you.

Harry nods in agreement.

Sorting Hat: Ah, right then...hmm...right. Okay...Gryffindor!!

(Cheering)

 

Hermione jumps off with a smile.

 

McGonagall: Draco Malfoy.

 

Draco saunters up proudly. The tattered hat nearly freaks before touching down on Dracos head.

 

Sorting Hat: SLYTHERIN!

 

Ron: There isn't a witch or wizard who went bad who wasnt in Slytherin.

McGonagall: Susan Bones.

 

A small, redhead goes up.

Harry looks around and spots a black haired, pale teacher, SEVERUS SNAPE, looking at him. His scar hurts.

 

Harry: Ahh! {puts hand on forehead}

Ron: Harry, what is it?

Harry: Nothing...it's nothing, I'm fine.

 

Sorting Hat: Let's see...I know...Hufflepuff!

McGonagall: Ronald Weasley.

 

Ron gulps and walks up. He sits down and the hat is put on.

 

Sorting Hat: Ah! Another Weasley. I know just where to put you...Gryffindor!!

Ron: {Sighs}

(Cheering)

 

McGonagall: Harry Potter.

 

Everything goes silent. Harry walks up and sits down.

 

Sorting Hat: Hmm...difficult, very difficult. Plenty of courage I see, not a bad mind, either. There's talent, oh yes, and a thirst to prove yourself. But where to put you?

Harry: {whispers} Not Slytherin. Not Slytherin.

Sorting Hat: Not Slytherin, eh? Are you sure? You could be great, you know. Its all here in your head. And Slytherin will help you on your way to greatness! There's no doubt about that! No? {Harry whispers: Not Slytherin...anything but Slytherin} Well, if youre sure...better be...GRYFFINDOR!!

 

There is an immense cheering and Harry goes to the Gryffindor table.

Fred and George are also there, and cheer: We got Potter! We got Potter! Harry sits down.

 

McGonagall: {dings on a cup} Your attention, please.

Dumbledore: Let the feast...begin.

 

Food magically appears on all the tables, and the hall is filled with awe and chatter.

 

Harry: Wow.

 

Draco looks at all the food, raises his eyebrows and digs in.

Ron stuffs his face.

 

SEAMUS FINNIGAN, a tiny boy, speaks.

 

Seamus: I'm half and half. Me dad's a Muggle. Mam's a witch. Bit of a nasty shock for him when he found out.

Neville laughs.

 

Harry is sitting next to Percy. He leans over.

 

Harry: Say, Percy, who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?

Percy: Oh, that's Professor Snape, head of Slytherin house.

Harry: What's he teach?

Percy: Potions. But everyone knows it's the Dark Arts he fancies. He's been after Quirrells job for years.

 

Ron, having just finished a chicken wing, reaches into the bowl for more, and a ghostly head, SIR NICHOLAS, pops out.

 

Ron: Ahh!

Nick: Hello! How are you? Welcome to Gryffindor.

 

Numerous ghosts come pouring from the walls, sailing along.

 

Hufflepuff ghost: Whoo-hoo-hoo!

Girl: Look, its the Bloody Baron!

Percy: Hello, Sir Nicholas. Have a nice summer?

Nick: Dismal. Once again, my request to join the headless hunt has been denied. {Begins to leave}

Ron: Hey, I know you! You're Nearly Headless Nick!

Nick: I prefer Sir Nicholas if you don't mind.

Hermione: Nearly headless? How can you be nearly headless?

Nick: Like this. {Grabs head and pulls it to the side. His head is hanging on just by a thread.}

Ron: Ahh!

Hermione: Eugh.

 

Scene:

Percy is leading the Gryffindors to the staircases.

 

Percy: Gryffindors, follow me please. Keep up. Thank you.

Boy: Ravenclaw, follow me. This way.

Percy: This is the most direct path to the dormitories. Oh, and keep an eye on the staircases...they like to change.

 

The camera pans up and we see a vast amount of staircases, people walking on them, and some switching places.

 

Percy: Keep up, please, and follow me. Quickly now, come on. Come on. {They begin walking up the stairs}

Neville: Seamus, that picture's moving!

Ron: Look at that one, Harry!

Harry: I think she fancies you.

Girl: Oh, look! Look! Who's that girl?

Man in painting: Welcome to Hogwarts.

Girl: Who's that?

 

Scene:

Approaching the Gryffindor dorms. They come up to a large painting of a large woman in a pink dress.

 

Woman: Password?
Percy: Caput Draconis. {The woman nods and the painting opens to reveal a gape in the wall.} Follow me, everyone. Keep up, quickly, come on.

Girl: Oh, wow.

Percy: {Inside common room} Gather 'round here. Welcome to the Gryffindor Common Room. Boys' dormitories, upstairs and down to your left. Girls, the same on your right. You'll find that your belongings have already been brought up.

 

Scene: Mid-night. Harry is sitting by a window in his pj's, with his owl, Hedwig. He pets the owl and looks out the window, sighing with content.

 


 
Scene: Morning. Harry and Ron are running through the stone halls to their class. They rush in. In the class, a tabby cat is sitting on a desk.

 

Ron: Whew, amazing, can you imagine the look on old McGonagall's face if we were late?

 

The cat jumps off the desk and turns into Professor McGonagall. The two boys are amazed.

 

Ron: That was bloody brilliant.

McGonagall: Thank you for that assessment, Mr. Weasley. Maybe if I were to transfigure Mr. Potter and yourself into a pocketwatch, maybe one of you would be on time.

Harry: We got lost.

McGonagall: Then perhaps a map? I trust you don't need one to find your seats.

 

Scene: Snape's potions class. The students are chattering, sitting near steaming cauldrons. The door slams open and Snape comes rushing in.

 

Snape: There will be no foolish wand waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to enjoy the subtle science and exact art that is potion making. However, for those select few {looks at Draco, who smiles}, who possess the predisposition, I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory and even put a stopper {Draco looks on} in death. {Draco raises his eyebrows.} {Snape sees Harry, writing this down, in, his view, not paying attention.} Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confidant enough to not...pay...attention.

 

Hermione nudges Harry in the ribs. He looks up.

 

Snape: Mr. Potter. Our...new...celebrity. Tell me, what would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood? {Hermione's hand skyrockets. Harry shrugs.} You don't know? Well, let's try again. Where, Mr. Potter, would you look if I asked you to find me a bezoar? {Hermione's hand shoots up again.}

Harry: I don't know, Sir.

Snape: And what is the difference between Monkshood and Wolfbane?

Harry: I don't know, Sir.

Snape: Pity. Clearly, fame isn't everything, is it, Mr. Potter?

 

Scene: In the great hall, probably midday. The students are all working on homework.

 

Seamus is trying a spell on a cup.

 

Seamus: Eye of rabbit, harp string hum. Turn this water, into rum. {Looks in cup and shakes head.} Eye of rabbit, harp string hum...

Harry: What's Seamus trying to do to that glass of water?

Ron: Turn it into rum. Actually managed a weak tea yesterday, before...

 

ZAPOOF! The cup explodes. There is laughter amongst the students. Suddenly, a flock of owls start coming into the hall from the rafters above.

 

Ron: Ah. Mail's here!

 

The owls soar by, dropping parcels to students. Harry gets nothing. He sees the newspaper Ron has put down.

 

Harry: Can I borrow this? {Ron nods} Thanks.

 

Neville is unwrapping a gift. It is a clear ball with gold around it.

 

Seamus: Hey, look! Neville's got a Remembrall!

Hermione: I've read about those. When the smoke turns red {the smoke turns red}, it means you've forgotten something.

Neville: The only problem is, I can't remember what I've forgotten.

Harry: Hey, Ron, somebody broke into Gringotts. Listen, Believed to be the work of dark witches or wizards unknown, Gringotts goblins, while acknowledging the breach, insist that nothing was taken. The vault in question, number 713, had in fact been emptied earlier that same day. That's odd. That's the vault Hagrid and I went to.

 

Scene: Outside, flying practice. The students, Gryffindor and Slytherin, are lined up in two rows with brooms by their sides. The teacher, MADAM HOOCH, comes down the line. She has short hair and hawk yellow eyes.

 

Hooch: Good afternoon, class.

Class: Good afternoon, Madam Hooch.

Hooch: Good afternoon, Amanda, good afternoon. {to class} Welcome to your first flying lesson. Well, what are you waiting for? Everyone step up to the left side of their broomstick. Come on now, hurry up. Stick your right hand over the broom and say, Up!

Class: Up!

 

Harry's broom flies into his hand.

 

Harry: Whoa. {Hermione stares as the class continues.}

Draco: Up! {broomstick flies up and Draco smugly grins.}

Hooch: With feeling!

Hermione: Up. Up. Up. Up.

Ron: Up!! {His broom flies up and conks him on the nose} Ow! {Harry laughs} Shut up, Harry. {laughs}

Hooch: Now, once you've got hold of your broom, I want you to mount it. And grip it tight, you don't want to be sliding off the end. {Class mounts} When I blow my whistle, I want each of you to kick off from the ground, hard. Keep your broom steady, hover for a moment, and then lean forward slightly and touch back down. On my whistle...3...2...{tweet!}

 

Neville immediately lifts off. He looks quite frightened.

 

Neville: Oh...

Hooch: Mr. Longbottom.

Girl: Neville, what are you doing?

Students: Neville...Neville...

Boy: We're not supposed to take off, yet.

Hooch: {Neville begins soaring away} M-M-Mr. Longbottom Mr. Longbottom!

Neville: AHH!
Hooch: Mr. Longbottom!

Neville: {soars away} Down! Down! Ahhhh!

Harry: Neville! {shouting}

Neville: Help!!!

Hooch: Come back down this instant!

Neville: AHH!

 

He soars through the sky and hits a wall, conking along it and then swooping off. All the while, he is screaming. He begins to zoom back towards the group of students. Hooch holds out her wand to stop him.

 

Neville: Help!

Hooch: Mr. Longbottom! {Neville approaches. The students scatter and Hooch dives out of the way. Neville goes through the scatter and up a tower.}

Neville: Ahhhh! Whoa! Ahhh! {zooms past a statue of a man with a sharp spear. Neville's cloak catches on it. He is flipped off the broom and hangs there.} Oh. Ah...help! {He wavers, then the cloak rips, and he falls, catching on a torch, but then slipping out and falling to the ground.} Ahh!

Hooch: Everyone out of the way! {She runs through the group, and they scatter.} Come on, get up.

Girl: Is he alright?

Neville: Owowowow.

Hooch: Oh, oh, oh, oh dear. It's a broken wrist. Tch, tch, tch. Good boy, come on now, up you get. {Draco reaches down and grabs Neville's Remembrall, which has fallen. Hooch begins to lead Neville away with her.} Everyone's to keep their feet firmly on the ground while I take Mr. Longbottom to the hospital wing. Understand? If I see a single broom in the air, the one riding it will find themselves out of Hogwarts before they can say, Quidditch. {Exit.}

Draco: {snickers} Did you see his face? Maybe if the fat lump had given this a squeeze, he'd have remembered to fall on his fat ass. {Laughs.}

Harry: Give it here, Malfoy.

Draco: No. I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find. {hops on broom and soars around group, then through.} How 'bout up on the roof?? {soars off and hovers high in the sky.} What's the matter, Potter? Bit beyond your reach?

 

Harry grabs his broom and runs to get on it. Hermione stops him.

 

Hermione: Harry, no! You heard what Madam Hooch said! Besides, you don't even know how to fly. {Harry flies off.} What an idiot.

 

Harry is now in the air, across from Draco.

 

Harry: Give it here, Malfoy, or I'll knock you off your broom!

Draco: Is that so? {Harry makes a dash for him, but Draco twirls around his broom in a 360.} Have it your way, then! {He throws the Remembrall into the air.}

 

Harry zooms after the ball, speeding towards a tower. Just as he is about to hit a window, from which McGonagall is working/watching, he catches it, and then heads back to the group. The students all cheer and run to see him.

 

Boy: Good job, Harry!

Boy 2: Oh, that was wicked, Harry.

McGonagall: {appears quickly} Harry Potter? Follow me. {Harry sullenly follows her. Draco and his goons laugh.}

 

Scene: Professor Quirrells classroom. He is inside, teaching, holding an iguana.

 

Quirrell: An iguana s-such as this is {McGonagall approaches the class and stops Harry: You wait here.} an essential in-gredient

McGonagall: Excuse me, excuse me, Professor Quirrell. Could I borrow Wood for a moment?

Quirrell: Oh. Y-yes, of course. {a boy, OLIVER WOOD, gets up to leave and Quirrell continues.} And the vampire b-bat...{eerie roar.}

McGonagall: Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood, I have found you a Seeker!

 

Scene: Harry and Ron are walking through crowded halls. Sir Nicholas and a lady ghost float by.

 

Nick: Have you heard? Harry Potter's the new Gryffindor Seeker. I always knew hed do well.

Ron: Seeker? But first years never make their house teams! You must be the youngest Quidditch player in

Harry: A century, according to McGonagall.

 

Fred and George approach and walk along with Ron and Harry.

 

Fred: Hey, well done, Harry, Wood's just told us!

Ron: Fred and George are on the team, too. Beaters.

George: Our job is to make sure that you don't get bloodied up too bad. Can't make any promises, of course. Rough game, Quidditch.

Fred: Brutal. But no one's died in years. Someone will vanish occasionally... {They break off from Harry and Ron, who walk across a courtyard.}  

George: But they'll turn up in a month or two!!

Ron: Oh, go on, Harry, Quidditch is great. Best game there is! And you'll be great, too! {Hermione jumps up from her work and comes to join them.}

Harry: But I've never even played Quidditch. What if I make a fool of myself?

Hermione: You won't make a fool of yourself. It's in your blood.

 

Scene: The three approach a trophy case. Hermione points at a plaque of Quidditch players. One lists Harry's father as a Seeker.

 

Ron: Whoa. Harry, you never told me your father was a Seeker, too.

Harry: I-I didn't know.

 


 
Scene: The three are walking up a staircase. A railing pulls in...Hermione looks, but continues walking.

 

Ron: I'm telling you, it's spooky. She knows more about you than you do.

Harry: Who doesn't?

 

The staircase shudders and begins to move. The three grab the railings.

 

Ron: Ahh!

Hermione: {Gasps.}

Harry: What's happening?

Hermione: The staircases change, remember? {The staircase stops, in a new place.}

Harry: {taps Ron} Let's go this way.

Ron: Before the staircase moves again. {They all open a door and walk into a spooky, dark room.}

Harry: Does anyone feel like...we shouldn't be here?

Hermione: We're not supposed to be here. This is the 3rd floor. It's forbidden.

 

Suddenly, a flame lights on a tall stone support. At that moment, the caretaker's cat, MRS. NORRIS, comes running in and meows. The group jumps.

 

Harry: Let's go.

{meow}

Ron: It's Filch's cat!

Harry: Run!

 

The group runs. Flames are lit as they go. They get to the end of the corridor, to a door. Harry grabs the handle, but it's locked.

 

Harry: It's locked!

Ron: That's it, we're done for!

Hermione: Oh, move over! {pushes through and pulls out wand} Alohomora. {The door opens.} Get in. {They bustle in.}

Ron: Alohomora?

Hermione: Standard book of spells, Chapter 7.

 

Filch appears at the start of the corridor with a light. Mrs. Norris looks at him.

 

Filch: Anyone here, my sweet? {meow} Come on. {exit.}

Hermione: Filch is gone.

Ron: Probably thinks this door's locked.

Hermione: It was locked.

Harry: And for good reason. {Ron and Hermione turn to stand with Harry. There is a massively huge three headed dog sleeping in front of them. The dog, FLUFFY, begins to wake. It growls, yawns, and growls more...noticing the intruders.}

All: AHHHHHHH! {The three bolt, running out of the door. They turn quickly to shut the door and battle against the dog. They get the door shut and run.}

 

Scene:

Back in the Gryffindor room. They are breathless.

 

Ron: What do they think they're doing?? Keeping a thing like that locked up in a school.

Hermione: You don't use your eyes, do you? Didn't you see what it was standing on?

Ron: I wasn't looking at its feet! I was a bit preoccupied with its heads. Or maybe you didn't notice, there were three! {they begin to climb the stairs to the dorms.}

Hermione: It was standing on a trap door. Which means it wasn't there by accident. It's guarding something.

Harry: Guarding something?

Hermione: That's right. Now, if you two don't mind, I'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get us killed...or worse, expelled! {turns and leaves, shutting the door to her dorms.}

Ron: She needs to sort out her priorities!

Harry nods.

 

Scene: Outside, day time. Oliver and Harry appear, carrying a trunk. They put it down.

 

Oliver: Quidditch is easy enough to understand. Each time has seven players, 3 chasers, 2 beaters, 1 keeper and a seeker that's you. There are three kinds of balls. {picks up a red one} This one's called the Quaffle. Now, the chasers handle the Quaffle and try to put it through one of those three hoops. {Points to a faraway Quidditch pitch.} The keeper, that's me, defends the hoops. {throws ball to Harry.} With me so far?

Harry: {throws back} I think so. What are those? {points to two squirming chained down balls.}

Oliver: ...You better take this. {hands Harry a small bat. He bends down and releases one ball. With an angry growl, it flies off into the air. The two boys watch it.} Careful now, it's comin' back. {The balls comes whizzing down, and Harry cracks at it with the bat. The ball soars off through a statue.} Eh, not bad, Potter, you'd make a fair beater...Uh-oh. {The ball zooms down, and Oliver grabs it, wriggling to get it back in the box. He succeeds and is out of breath.} Bludger. Nasty little buggers. But the only ball I want you to worry about is this...the Golden Snitch. {hands Harry a walnut sized golden ball.}

Harry: I like this ball.

Oliver: Ah, you like it now. Just wait. It's wicked fast and damn near impossible to see.

Harry: What do I do with it?

Oliver: You catch it...before the other team's seeker. You catch this, the game is over. You catch this, Potter, and we win.

{The ball flutters out two delicate wings and jumps into the air. Harry keeps an eye on it.}

Harry: Whoa.

 

Scene: PROFESSOR FLITWICK's class. The teacher is very short, and is standing on a bunch of books.

 

Flitwick: One of a wizard's most rudimentary skills is levitation the ability to make objects fly. Uh, do you all have your feathers? {Hermione raises hers.} Good. Now, uh, don't forget the nice wrist movement we've been practicing, hmm? The swish and flick. Everyone. {All} The swish and flick. Good. And enunciate. Wingardium Leviosa. Off you go then.

Draco: Wingardium Levio-saaa.

{All practice.}

Ron: Wingardrium Leviosar. {whacks with wand numerous times.}

Hermione: Stop, stop, stop. You're going to take someone's eye out. Besides, youre saying it wrong. It's Leviosa, not Leviosar.

Ron: You do it then if you're so clever. Go on, go on.

 

Hermione straightens up and swishes her wand.

 

Hermione: {crisply} Wingardium Leviosa. {The feather glows and lifts up. Ron puts his head on his books dejectedly.}

Flitwick: Oh, well done! See here, everyone! Ms. Granger's done it! Oh, splendid!

 

Seamus begins swishing at his feather.

 

Seamus: Wingard Levosa. Wingard Levosa. {Flitwick to Hermione: Well done, dear.}

 

BOOOM!!! Seamus' feather explodes. Flitwick gasps.

 

Flitwick: Whooaaa! Ooh.

Harry: I think we're going to need another feather over here, Professor.

 

Scene: Neville, Harry, Ron and Seamus are walking through a courtyard with other students all around.

 

Ron: It's Leviosa, not Leviosar. Honestly, she's a nightmare. No wonder she hasn't got any friends!

 

Hermione bustles past, sniffling.

 

Harry: I think she heard you.

 

Scene: Night, in the great hall. It is Halloween. Everyone is eating candy, and Jack O'Lanterns are keeping the place lit. There is chatter.

 

Harry: Where's Hermione?

Neville: Parvati Patil said that she wouldn't come out of the girl's bathroom. She said that she'd been in there all afternoon...crying.

{Ron and Harry exchange glances. Suddenly, Professor Quirrell comes flying into the room, screaming.}

Quirrell: TROLL! IN THE DUNGEON! T-TROOLLL IN THE DUNGEON!! {stops and there is utter silence.} Thought you ought to know. {falls over in a dead faint.}

 

The room is silent, and then everyone freaks, screaming and running.

 

Dumbledore: SILLLLLEEENNNNCEEEEE! {Everyone stops.} Everyone will please, not panic. Now, Prefects will lead their houses back to the dormitories. Teachers will follow me to the dungeons.

Girl: Hufflepuff, this way!

Boy: Stay together!

 

Snape looks aghast, and he disappears through a doorway.

 

Scene: Percy is leading the house down a hall.

 

Percy: Gryffindors...keep up please. And stay alert!

Harry: How could a troll get in?

Ron: Not by itself. Trolls are really stupid. Probably people playing jokes. {Suddenly, Harry stops and pulls Ron aside.} What?

Harry: Hermione! She doesn't know!

 

The two run off, down corridors. They start running down a hall when they stop, because there is a grunting noise. Harry pulls Ron into a doorway and a large, ugly TROLL thunks by into a room.

 

Harry: He's going into the Girl's Bathroom!

 

Scene: In the bathroom, Hermione emerges from a stall, wiping her eyes. She stops when she sees something. The troll is standing there. Hermione backs up, into the stall just as the troll raises its club and smashes the top part of the stalls. Hermione screams. Harry and Ron come bursting in.

 

Harry: Hermione, move!

 

The troll smashes the remaining stalls.

 

Hermione: Help! Help! {The boys start throwing wood pieces at the troll.}

Ron: Hey, pea brain! {Ron throws wood and hits the troll on the head. Hermione escapes from the stalls to under a sink, but the troll sees her and goes to smash her. It cracks the sink and barely misses Hermione. Harry cringes.}

Hermione: Ahhh! Help!

 

Harry gets out his wand. He runs forward and grabs the troll's club, and is lifted up.

 

Harry: Whooa! Whoa, whoa! {He lands on the troll's head, and is hurled forward, then back, and his wand goes up the troll's nose.}

Ron: Ew.

 

The troll snorts, and whips around.

 

Harry: Whoa, whoa whoa!

 

The troll gets Harry off its head and is holding him by one leg, upside down. It gears up its club and swipes at Harry. He pulls himself up, then down. The troll swipes again.

 

Harry: Do something! {swipe}

Ron: What? {swipe}

Harry: Anything! Hurry up!

 

Ron grabs his wand. Under the sink, Hermione waves her hand.

 

Hermione: Swish and flick!

Ron: Wingardium Leviosa! {flick. The club is lifted out of the troll's hand and hovers above its head. The troll looks up, confused, just as the club comes crashing back down. (Ron: Cool.)  It hits the troll's head and the troll wavers, then drops Harry, who crawls away, and comes crashing down, hard.

 

Hermione approaches carefully.

 

Hermione: Is it...dead?

Harry: I don't think so. Just knocked out. {He grabs his wand...which is covered in goo.} Ew. Troll bogies.

 

Suddenly, McGonagall, Snape and Quirrell come rushing in.

They all gasp.

 

McGonagall: Oh! Oh, my goodness! E-Explain yourselves, both of you!

Ron and Harry: Well, what it is...

Hermione: It's my fault, Professor McGonagall. {The teachers, and Ron and Harry, gape}

McGonagall: Ms. Granger?

Hermione: I went looking for the troll. I'd read about them and thought I could handle it. But I was wrong. If Harry and Ron hadn't come and found me...I'd probably be dead.

McGonagall: Be that as it may...it was an extremely foolish thing to do. {Harry looks at Snape's leg...which has a large cut on it. Snape notices and covers it up, glaring at Harry.} I would have expected more rational behaviour on your part, Ms. Granger. 5 points will be taken from Gryffindor for your serious lack of judgment. As for you two gentlemen I just hope you realize how fortunate you are. Not many students could take on a full grown mountain troll and live to tell the tale. 5 points...will be awarded to each of you. For sheer dumb luck. {Snape and McGonagall exit.}

Quirrell: Perhaps you ought to go...M-might wake up...heh. {Exit Ron and Harry and Hermione.} {Troll roars.} Ahh! Hehe....

 

Scene: The next morning, in the great hall. The gang is sitting, eating. Harry is twirling his food on a fork.

 

Ron: Take a bit of toast, mate, go on.

Hermione: Ron's right, Harry. You're gonna need your strength today.

Harry: I'm not hungry.

 

Snape appears.

 

Snape: Good luck today, Potter. Then again, now that you've proven yourself against a troll, a little game of Quidditch should be easy work for you...even if it is against Slytherin. {Leaves, limping.}

Harry: That explains the blood.

Hermione: Blood?

Harry: Listen, last night, I'm guessing Snape let the troll in as a diversion so he could try and get past that 3 headed dog. But, he got himself bitten, that's why he's limping.

Hermione: But why would anyone go near that dog?

Harry: The day I was at Gringotts, Hagrid took something out of one of the vaults. He said it was Hogwarts' business, very secret.

Hermione: So you're saying...

Harry: That's what the dog's guarding. That's what Snape wants.

{An owl screeches. It is Hedwig. She is carrying a very large, long parcel. She drops it off.}

Hermione: Bit early for mail, isn't it?

Harry: But I-I never get mail.

Ron: Let's open it.

{They open it.}

Harry: It's a broomstick!
Ron: Thats not just any broomstick, Harry. It's a Nimbus 2000!

Harry: But who...?

{He sees Professor McGonagall up at the head table, stroking Hedwig. She smiles and Harry nods.}

 

Scene: Inside a Quidditch tower. The Gryffindor team is marching towards the starting gate. They reach it and stop, behind a closed double door.

 

OIiver: Scared, Harry?

Harry: A little bit.

Oliver: That's all right. I felt the same way before my first game.

Harry: What happened?
Oliver: Er, I don't really remember. I took a bludger to the head 2 minutes in. Woke up in the hospital a week later.

 

Harry gulps and looks straight ahead as the doors open. They mount their brooms and zoom out onto the enormous pitch. There is cheering. The commentator, LEE JORDAN, is talking from a tower.

 

Lee: Hello, and welcome to Hogwarts' first Quidditch game of the season! Today's game Slytherin versus Gryffindor!!!

 

{Cheering. Close-up of Gryffindor students. They are cheering. Neville: Gryffindor!}

 

The players take their positions in the air in a circle. Harry weaves in, highest amongst. He looks down.

 

Lee: The players take their positions as Madam Hooch steps out onto the field to begin the game.

Hooch: Now, I want a nice clean game...from all of you. {looks at Slytherin. She kicks the trunk, and the bludgers zoom out.}

Lee: The bludgers are up...followed by the Golden Snitch. Remember, the snitch is worth 150 points. The seeker who catches the Snitch ends the game.

 

The snitch zooms around each Seeker's head, then disappears. Hooch grabs the Quaffle.

 

Lee: The Quaffle is released...and the game begins!

 

Gryffindor takes possession of the ball and a chaser, ANGELINA JOHNSON, zooms past Slytherins towards their goal, and throws the ball, and scores! There is a ding.

 

Lee: Angelina Johnson scores! 10 points for Gryffindor! {He presses a button and a 10 shows up beside a plaque with Gryffindors name.}

 

Harry, in the air, claps.

 

Harry: Yes! {a bludger zooms by him.} Whoa!

 

In the stands, Gryffindor cheers.

 

Hagrid: Well done!

Lee: Slytherin takes possession of the Quaffle. Bletchley passes to Captain Marcus Flint.

 

Flint dodges people and throws for the Gryffindor hoops. Oliver appears and whacks the ball away with his broom. He smirks at Flint, who glares. Johnson and KATIE BELL pass the Quaffle back and forth as they strategize to score. Johnson takes it, throws, and once again scores!

 

Ron and Seamus: Yay!

Harry: Yes!

Lee: Another 10 points to Gryffindor! {ding.}

Gryffindors: Yay!

 

The Slytherins decide to get messy. They dodge, kick, and try to score. Once again, Oliver blocks.

 

Flint: Give me that! {he grabs a beaters bat from one and whacks a bludger right at Oliver. It hits Oliver in the stomach and he falls to the ground.}

 

Crowd: {Booing}

Harry is visibly upset.

Slytherin laughs.

 

The Slytherin members head off. One jumps over George (or Fred) and scores. Harry is upset again. Slytherin cheers.

 

Flint: {to other members} Take that side!

 

They box Johnson in and sent her into the capes covering one of the towers. She falls down in and is out. The crowd boos. Slytherin scores once again. Suddenly, Harry sees the Snitch. He starts to head off after it and then his broom starts bucking and turning.

 

Harry: Whoa! Whooa!

Hagrid: What's going on with Harry's broomstick?

 

Hermione looks through binoculars at Harry, then at Snape, who is muttering something.

 

Hermione: It's Snape! He's jinxing the broom!

Ron: Jinxing the broom? What do we do?

Hermione: Leave it to me. {She hands Ron her binoculars and leaves.}

 

Harry is knocked around, then falls, dangling by one arm from the broom.

 

Ron: Come on, Hermione!

 

Hermione is hurrying up a tower. She appears underneath Snape and touches his cloak with her wand.

 

Hermione: Lacarnum Inflamarae.

 

A spark ignites and Snape's cloak catches fire. Hermione leaves.

 

Man: Fire! You're on fire!

Snape: What? Oh! {knocks the man back, who falls into Quirrell, who then also falls. Snape bats out the fire and acts as though nothing happened. The broom stop bucking, and Harry climbs back on. The Slytherin seeker is after the Snitch. Harry takes off.}

 

Ron: Go!

Hagrid: Go go go!

 

Harry rams the Slytherin Seeker, then is butted out. He returns, smashing the Seeker again as the Snitch dives. The boys follow, but they approach the ground quickly. The Slytherin Seeker backs out, and Harry pulls up his broom as he follows the Snitch, feet above the ground. Harry stands up, and steps forward, trying to grab the ball. He goes too far, and topples off the broom with a yelp, tumbling on the ground. He gets up and lurches.

 

The crowd gasps. Hermione appears beside a tower to see.

 

Hagrid: Looks like he's gonna be sick!

 

Harry lurches and the Snitch pops out of his mouth. It lands in his hands.

 

Lee: He's got the Snitch! Harry Potter receives 150 points for catching the Snitch!

Hooch: {Blows whistle} Gryffindor win!

All: YAY!

Draco: No!

Hagrid: Yes!

Hermione: Whoo-hoo!

McGonagall: {Giggles happily}

 

Harry raises the Snitch into the air and the crowd, and his team, cheers.

 

Crowd: Go go Gryffindor! Go go Gryffindor! Go go Gryffindor! Go go Gryffindor!

 


 

Scene:
Harry, Hermione and Ron are walking along a path with Hagrid, talking.

 

Hagrid: Nonsense. Why would Snape put a curse on Harry's broom?

Harry: Who knows. Why was he trying to get past that 3 headed dog on Halloween?

Hagrid: Who told you 'bout Fluffy?

Ron: Fluffy?
Hermione: That thing has a name?

Hagrid: Well, of course he's got a name. He's mine. I bought him off an Irish feller I met down at the pub last year. Then I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the

Harry: Yes?

Hagrid: Shouldn'ta said that. Don't ask any more questions. That's top secret, that is.

Harry: But Hagrid, whatever Fluffy's guarding, Snape's trying to steal it!

Hagrid: Codswallop. Professor Snape is a Hogwarts teacher.

Hermione: Hogwarts teacher or not, I know a curse when I see one. I've read all about them. You have to keep eye contact. And Snape wasn't blinking.

Harry: Exactly.

Hagrid: {sighs} Now, you listen to me, all three of you. You're meddlin' in things that ought not to be meddled in. It's dangerous. What that dog is guarding is strictly between Professor Dumbledore and Nicholas Flamel.

Harry: Nicholas Flamel?

Hagrid: I shouldn't have said that. I should not have said that. I should not have said that. {Exit.}

Harry: Nicholas Flamel...Who's Nicholas Flamel?

Hermione: I don't know.

 

Scene: Christmas. The camera pans up to a snowy castle, then to Hagrid, who is bringing in a large tree. Inside the great hall, students are leaving and ghosts are singing (Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, ring the Hogwarts bell. Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas...) Hermione approaches the empty tables, wheeling a cart. She goes to Ron and Harry, who are playing chess.

 

Harry: Knight to E-5.

 

A piece moves across the board.

 

Ron thinks for a moment.

 

Ron: Queen to E-5.

 

A queen walks over to E-5 and clinks the knight away.

 

Hermione: That's totally barbaric!

Ron: That's wizard's chess. I see you've packed.

Hermione: See you haven't.

Ron: Change of plans. My parents decided to go to Romania to visit my brother, Charlie. He's studying dragons there!

Hermione: Good. You can help Harry, then. He's going to go the library for information on Nicholas Flamel.

Ron: We've looked a hundred times!

Hermione: Not in the restricted section...Happy Christmas. {exits.}

Ron: I think we've had a bad influence on her.

 

Scene:

X-mas morning. Hedwig is perched in the boys' room, and Harry is asleep in bed.

 

Ron: {calling from downstairs} Harry, wake up! Come on Harry, wake up!

 

Harry gets up and runs to a balcony overlooking the common room, where Ron is standing next to a tree. He is wearing a sweater with an R on it.

 

Ron: Happy Christmas, Harry.

Harry: Happy Christmas, Ron. What are you wearing?

Ron: Oh, Mum made it for me. Looks like you've got one too!

Harry: I've got presents?

Ron: Yeah!

Harry: Oh! {Harry runs down the stairs.}

Ron: There they are. {Ron sits on a couch arm and eats jelly beans as Harry picks up a silver wrapped package. Harry takes out the card.}

Harry: "Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well."

 

Harry opens the present. It is a cloak.

 

Ron: What is it?

Harry: Some kind of...cloak.

Ron: Well, let's see then. Put it on.

 

Harry puts the cloak on, and all of him disappears except for his head.

 

Ron: Whoa!

Harry: My body's gone!

Ron: I know what that is! That's an invisibility cloak!

Harry: I'm invisible??

Ron: {gets up} They're really rare. I wonder who gave it to you.

Harry: {comes over} There was no name. It just said, "Use it well."

 

Scene:

Late at night. A lantern and hand appear, but nothing else. The ensemble walk through the dark library and into the Restricted Section. The lamp is put down, and the cloak removed. Harry appears.

 

Harry: {Reading books} Famous fire eaters...15th Century Fiends...Flamel...Nicholas Flamel...where are you?

 

Harry picks up a book and opens it. A man's face appears.

 

Man: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!

 

Harry slams the book shuts and puts it back.

 

Filchs voice: Who's there?! {Harry whips around, grabbing his cloak. The lamp falls and shatters.} I know you're in there. You can't hide. {Harry puts on his cloak and creeps around Filch.} Who is it? Show yourself!

 

Harry runs from the room, breathing heavily. He gets into the hall, where Mrs. Norris is. The cat meows and begins to follow him. Harry runs around a corner, just as Snape and Quirrell appear. Snape pushes Quirrell into the wall.

 

Quirrell: Severus...I-I thought...

Snape: You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell.

Quirrell: W-what do you m-mean?

Snape: You know perfectly well what I mean. {Snape senses something. Harry stops breathing. Snape reaches out to grab something, but doesn't. He whips his finger back in front of Quirrell's face.} We'll have another chat soon...when you've had time to decide where your loyalties lie.

 

Filch appears, carrying the broken lamp.

 

Filch: Oh, Professors. I found this, in the Restricted Section. It's still hot. That means there's a student out of bed.

 

They all dart off. A door opens, and closes. On the other side, there is a vast, empty room that has a large mirror in the center. Harry appears and walks over to the mirror. In it, he sees two people appear.

 

Harry: Mum? {the woman nods and smiles} Dad? {nods and smiles. Harry reaches out to touch them, but only gets the mirror. Then, his mother puts her hand on his shoulder. He puts his own hand on his own shoulders, as if trying to feel her there.

 

Scene:

The boys' room. Harry comes whipping in, invisible.

 

Harry: Ron! You've really got to see this! Ron! You've got to see this! {pulls back covers. Ron wakes up.} Ron, Ron, come on. Get out of bed!

Ron: Why?

Harry: There's something you've got to see. Now, come on!

 

Scene:

Back in the mirror room. Harry and Ron appear as if magically and Harry runs to the mirror.

 

Harry: Come on. Come. Come look, it's my parents!

Ron: I only see me.

Harry: {moves over} Look in properly. Go on. Stand there. There. You see them, don't you? Thats my dad

Ron: That's me! Only, I'm head boy...and I'm holding the Quidditch cup! And bloody hell, I'm Quidditch Captain too! I look good. Harry, do you think this mirror shows the future?

Harry: How can it? Both my parents are dead. {Harry smiles sadly.}

 

Scene:

Another night. Harry is sitting in front of the mirror. Dumbledore appears behind him.

 

Dumbledore: Back again, Harry? {Harry turns around and stands up.} I see that you, like so many before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I trust by now you realize what it does. Let me give you a clue. The happiest man on earth would look into the mirror and see only himself, exactly as he is.

Harry: So, then it shows us what we want? Whatever we want?

Dumbledore: Yes...and no. It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desires of our hearts. Now you, who have never known your family, you see them standing beside you. But remember this, Harry. This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away in front of it, even gone mad. That is why tomorrow it will be moved to a new home, and I must ask you not to go looking for it again. It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live. {Harry looks back at the mirror.}

 

Scene:

Daytime. It is all snowy. Harry is out in a main courtyard, bundled up, with Hedwig on his arm. He stops and she lifts off, soaring away into the sky. When she returns, it is spring time.

 

Scene:

In the library. Harry and Ron are seated, reading. Hermione comes up with a huge book. She thumps it onto the table. Harry jumps.

 

Hermione: I had you looking in the wrong section! How could I be so stupid? I checked this out a few weeks ago for a bit of light reading.

Ron: This is light?

Hermione: {glares} Of course! Here it is! "Nicholas Flamel is the only known maker of the Philosopher's Stone!"

Ron and Harry: The what?

Hermione: Honestly, don't you two read? "The Philosopher's Stone is a legendary substance with astonishing powers. It will turn any metal into pure gold and produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal."

Ron: Immortal?

Hermione: It means you'll never die.

Ron: I know what it means!

Harry: Shh!

Hermione: "The only stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicholas Flamel, the noted alchemist, who last year celebrated his 665th birthday!" That's what Fluffy's guarding on the 3rd floor. That's what's under the trapdoor...the Philosopher's Stone!

 

They all look at each other.

 

Scene:

Nighttime. Hermione, Ron and Harry are running across the wet ground to Hagrids hut. They knock on the door and it opens.

 

Harry: Hagrid!

Hagrid: {clad in oven mitts and an apron} Oh, hello. Sorry, don't wish to be rude, but I'm in no fit state to entertain today. {Closes door.}

All 3: We know about the Philosopher's Stone!

{Door reopens.}

Hagrid: Oh.

{They all come into Hagrid's small hut.}

Harry: We think Snape's trying to steal it.

Hagrid: Snape? Blimey, Harry, you're not still on about him, are you?

Harry: Hagrid, we know he's after the Stone. We just don't know why.

Hagrid: Snape is one of the teachers protecting the Stone! He's not about to steal it!

Harry: What?

Hagrid: You heard. Right. Come on, now, I'm a bit preoccupied today.

Harry: Wait a minute. {Ron and a big black boarhound, FANG, meet. Fang sniffs Ron.} One of the teachers?
Hermione: {sitting in a large chair} Of course! There are other things defending the Stone, aren't there? Spells, enchantments.

Hagrid: That's right. Waste of bloody time, if you ask me.

{Hermione looks at Ron, who is being sniffed in the face by Fang. Ron shuffles away.} Ain't no one gonna get past Fluffy. Hehe, not a soul knows how. Except for me and Dumbledore. I shouldn't have told you that. I shouldn't have told you that. {A cauldron over a fire begins to rattle.} Oh! {Hagrid hurries over and grabs something} Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! {puts the thing, an egg, on the table. The group crowds around.}

Harry: Uh, Hagrid, what exactly is that?

Hagrid: That? It's a ... its um...

Ron: I know what that is! But Hagrid, how did you get one?

Hagrid: I won it. Off a stranger I met down at a pub. Seemed quite glad to be rid off it, as a matter of fact.

 

The egg rattles and cracks. Pieces fly off as a dragon emerges. It squeaks and slips on an egg piece.

 

Hermione: Is that...a dragon?

Ron: That's not just a dragon. That's a Norwegian Ridgeback! My brother Charlie works with these in Romania.

Hagrid: Isn't he beautiful? Oh. Bless him, look. He knows his mummy. Hehe. Hallo, Norbert. {The dragon squeaks as it looks at Hagrid.}

Harry: Norbert?

Hagrid: Yeah, well, he's got to have a name, doesn't he?

Ron: {laughs}

Hagrid: Don't you, Norbert? {raises fingers back and forth across Norberts chin} Dededede.

 

Norbert backs away, hiccups and blows a fireball of fire into Hagrid's beard.

 

Hagrid: Ohh! Oooh, ooh, ooh, well...he'll have to be trained up a bit, of course. {Norbert hiccups. Hagrid sees someone looking in the window.} Who's that? {The person scampers away.}

Harry: Malfoy.

Hagrid: Oh, dear.

 

Scene:

The three are walking back through a corridor. An owl screeches.

 

Harry: Hagrid always wanted a dragon. He told me so the first time I met him.

Ron: It's crazy. And worse, Malfoy knows.

Harry: I don't understand. Is that bad?

Ron: It's bad.

 

They stop as McGonagall, in her nightgown, appears.

 

McGonagall: Good evening.

 

Malfoy appears smugly beside her.

 

Scene:

McGonagall's classroom. The three accused are standing in front of McGonagall's desk, while Malfoy is feet away, smirking.

 

McGonagall: Nothing, I repeat, nothing gives a student the right to walk about the school at night. Therefore, as punishment for your actions, 50 points will be taken.

Harry: 50?!

McGonagall: Each. And to ensure it doesn't happen again, all four of you will receive detention.

 

Malfoy nods, then his smile vanishes.

 

Draco: Excuse me, Professor. Perhaps I heard you wrong. I thought you said..."the four of us."

 

McGonagall: No, you heard me correctly, Mr. Malfoy. You see, as honorable as your intentions were, you too were out of bed after hours. You will serve detention with your classmates.

 

Harry, Ron and Hermione grin, and Draco sags.

 

Scene:

Outside, at night, the four students are being led to Hagrid's hut by Mr. Filch.

 

Filch: A pity they let the old punishments die. There was a time detention would find you hanging by your thumbs in the dungeons. God, I miss the screaming. {Draco gulps, and Hermione rushes by.} You'll be serving detention with Hagrid tonight. He's got a little job to do inside the dark forest. {Hagrid appears with a crossbow. He sniffles.} A sorry lot this, Hagrid. Oh, good God, man, you're not still on about that bloody dragon, are you?

 

Hagrid: {sniffs and sighs} Norbert's gone. Dumbledore sent him off to Romania to live in a colony.

Hermione: Well, that's good, isn't it? He'll be with his own kind.

Hagrid: Yeah, but what if he don't like Romania? {Filch rolls eyes.} What if the other dragons are mean to him? He's only a baby, after all.

Filch: Oh, for Gods sake, pull yourself together, man. You're going into the forest, after all. Got to have your wits about you.

Draco: The forest? I thought that was a joke! We can't go in there. Students aren't allowed. And there are...{a howl sounds}...werewolves!

Filch: There's more than werewolves in those trees, lad. You can be sure of that. {Draco looks frightened.} Nighty-night. {Exit.}

Hagrid: Right. Let's go.

 

Scene: In the forest. The group walks along a path to a tree. Hagrid stops, bends down and dips his fingers in a silver puddle. He pulls out his fingers and rubs them together. A silver trail smears with his fingers.

 

Harry: Hagrid, what's that?

Hagrid: What we're here for. See that? That's unicorn's blood, that is. I found one dead a few weeks ago. Now, this one's been injured bad by something. {Harry suddenly sees a large cloaked figure walking through the trees. He looks at Hagrid.} So, it's our job to find the poor beast. Ron, Hermione, you'll come with me.

Ron: {weakly} Okay.

Hagrid: And Harry, you'll go with Malfoy. {Draco grimaces, and Harry nods.}

Draco: Okay. Then I get Fang!

Hagrid: Fine. Just so you know, he's a bloody coward. {Fang whines.}

 

Scene:

Harry and Draco are walking through the forest, Fang leading. Draco has the lamp.

 

Draco: You wait till my father hears about this. This is servant's stuff.

Harry: If I didn't know better, Draco, I'd say you were scared.

Draco: Scared, Potter?! {Scoffs} {howl} Did you hear that? Come on, Fang. Scared.

 

Scene:

The group approaches a flat ground with gnarled roots all over. Fang stops, then growls.

 

Harry: What is it, Fang?

 

Up ahead, a cloaked figure is crouched over a dead unicorn, drinking its blood. The figure raises its head, silver blood dripping from its mouth.

 

Harry gasps and grabs his scar, which is hurting.

 

Draco: {A look of pure fear} AHHHHHHHHH!!! AHHH! {runs away, with Fang} HELP!!!!!

 

Harry is left by himself. The figure slides over the unicorn and rises erect. It advances towards Harry, who backs up, but trips. He crawls backwards. Suddenly, there is the sound of hoofbeats. A figure leaps over Harry and lands near the cloaked figure. It is a silver centaur, FIRENZE. It rears, and the cloaked figure retreats, flying away.

 

Firenze: Harry Potter, you must leave. You are known to many creatures here. The forest is not safe at this time. Especially for you.

Harry: {rises} But what was that thing you saved me from?

Firenze: A monstrous creature. It is a terrible crime to slay a unicorn. Drinking the blood of a unicorn will keep you alive even if you are an inch from death. But at a terrible price. You have slain something so pure that the moment the blood touches your lips, you will have a half-life. A cursed life.

Harry: But who would choose such a life?

Firenze: Can you think of no one?

Harry: Do you mean to say...that that thing that killed the unicorn...that was drinking its blood...that was Voldemort?

Firenze: Do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment?

Harry: The Philosopher's Stone.

 

Suddenly, a dog (Fang) barks. Harry looks up and sees Hagrid, Hermione, Ron and Draco appear.

 

Hermione: Harry!

Hagrid: Hello there, Firenze. I see you've met our young Mr. Potter. You all right there, Harry? {Harry nods}

Firenze: Harry Potter, this is where I leave you. You're safe now. Good luck.
 
{Close up on the dead unicorn.}

 
Scene:

Gryffindor common room. Right after 'attack.' The group is around the fire. Hermione and Ron are seated, but Harry stands.

 

Hermione: You mean, You-Know-Who's out there, right now, in the forest?

Harry: But he's weak. He's living off the unicorns. Don't you see? We had it wrong. Snape doesn't want the stone for himself, he wants the stone for Voldemort. With the Elixir of Life, Voldemort will be strong again. He'll He'll come back. {Sits down.}

Ron: But if he comes back, you don't think he'll try to kill you, do you?

Harry: I think if he'd had the chance, he might have tried to kill me tonight.

Ron: {Gulp} And to think, I've been worrying about my Potions final!

Hermione: Hang on a minute. We're forgetting one thing. Who's the one wizard Voldemort always feared?

{The boys shrug.} Dumbledore! As long as Dumbledore's around, you're safe. As long as Dumbledore's around, you can't be touched. {Harry smiles slightly.}

 

Scene:

Some time later. In the outdoor courtyard. The three are walking.

 

Hermione: I've always heard Hogwarts' end of the year exams were frightful, but I found that rather enjoyable.

Ron: Speak for yourself. All right there, Harry?

Harry: My scar. It keeps burning.

Hermione: It's happened before.

Harry: Not like this.

Ron: Perhaps you should see the nurse.

Harry: I think it's a warning. It means dangers coming. Uhh! {He rubs scar and then sees Hagrid across the field, at his hut.} Oh. Of course! {runs for hut.}

Hermione: What is it?

Harry: Don't you think it's a bit odd that what Hagrid wants more than anything is a dragon, and a stranger shows up and just happens to have one? {They approach Hagrid, who is playing the Harry Potter theme on his flute.} I mean, how many people wander around with dragon eggs in their pockets? Why didn't I see it before? Hagrid, who gave you the dragon egg? {Hagrid stops playing.} What did he look like?

Hagrid: I don't know. I never saw his face. He kept his hood up.

Harry: The stranger, though, you and he must have talked.

Hagrid: Well, he wanted to know what sort of creatures I looked after. I told him. I said, "After Fluffy, a dragon's gonna be no problem."

Harry: And did he seem interested in Fluffy?

Hagrid: Well, of course he was interested in Fluffy! How often do you come across a three headed dog, even if you're in the trade? But I told him. I said, "The trick with any beast is to know how to calm him. Take Fluffy, for example, just play him a bit of music and he falls straight to sleep."

 

The three gape.

 

Hagrid: I shouldn't have told you that. {The three take off.} Where you going?! Wait!

 

Scene:

McGonagall's classroom. The three come tearing in and run up the aisles between desks. They pass a ghost and stop at the desk.

 

Harry: We have to see Professor Dumbledore, immediately!

McGonagall: I'm afraid Professor Dumbledore is not here. He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and left immediately for London.

Harry: He's gone?! Now? But this is important! It's about...the Philosopher's Stone.

McGonagall: {shocked} How do you know

Harry: Someone's going to try and steal it.

McGonagall: I don't know how you three found out about the stone, but I can assure you it is perfectly well-protected. Now would you go back to your dormitories? Quietly. {They leave.}

 

Scene:

After exiting McGonagall's class, they walk down the hallway.

 

Harry: That was no stranger Hagrid met in the village. It was Snape, which means he knows how to get past Fluffy.

Hermione: And with Dumbledore gone

{Snape suddenly appears behind them}

Snape: Good afternoon. Now, what would three young Gryffindors such as yourselves be doing inside on a day like this?

Hermione: Uh...we were just...

Snape: You want to be careful. People will think you're {Harry glares madly at Snape, who looks shocked} up to something. {Exit.}

Hermione: Now what do we do?

Harry: We go down the trapdoor. Tonight.

 

Scene: Nighttime. In the Gryffindor Common Room. The three friends come down the stairs and begin to walk across the floor. They stop when they hear croaking.

 

Harry: Trevor.

Ron: Trevor shh! Go, you shouldn't be here!

Neville: {appears behind a chair} Neither should you. You're sneaking out again, arent you?

Harry: Now, Neville, listen. We were

Neville: No! I won't let you! {stands} You'll get Gryffindor in trouble again! I-I'll fight you. {holds out fists.}

Hermione: Neville, I'm really, really sorry about this...{takes out wand} Petrificus Totalus.

 

Neville is frozen and falls backwards onto the ground. Hermione puts her wand back.

 

Ron: {Gulp} You're a little scary sometimes...you know that? Brilliant, but scary.

Harry: Let's go. {Walks by Neville} Sorry.

Hermione: Sorry.

Ron: It's for your own good, you know. {Exit.}

 

Scene: The three are under the Invisibility cloak, sneaking along the corridor.

 

Hermione: Ow! You stood on my foot!

Ron: Sorry. {A flame lights. Hermione draws out her wand and points it at the door.}

Hermione: Alohomora.

 

The door opens and they go in.

 

Ron: Wait a minute...he's....{a blow of air, and the cape flutters off them.} Sleeping.

Harry: Snape's already been here. He's put a spell on the harp. {They approach the sleeping dog.}

Ron: Uh. It's got horrible breath!

Harry: We have to move its paw.

Ron: What?!

Harry: Come on! {grabs paw, which is blocking the door.} Okay. Push! {They strain and move it. They open the door.} I'll go first. Don't follow until I give you a sign. {Fluffy's eyes open.} If something bad happens, get yourselves out...Does it seem a bit...quiet?

Hermione: The harp. It stopped playing.

 

Drool from one head comes down on Ron's shoulder.

 

Ron: Ew! Yuck! Ugh. {All three kids look up and see Fluffy standing there. Fluffy barks and growls, thrashing. It breaks the harp and dives at the three.}

Harry: Jump! Go! {They all jump through the trapdoor.}

Ron: Ahh! {gasps as he lands on some mushy black ropelike vines.} Whoa. Lucky this plant-thing is here, really.

Harry: Whoa! {The plant begins to move towards them.} Oh. Ahh! {The plant ties them up.}

Hermione: Stop moving, both of you. This is Devil's Snare. You have to relax. If you don't, it will only kill you faster.

Ron: Kill us faster?! Oh, now I can relax!

 

Hermione manages a smile as she is sucked down below.

 

Ron and Harry: Hermione!!

Ron: Now what are we gonna do?!

Hermione's voice: Just relax!

Harry: Hermione! Where are you?!

Hermione (from below): Do what I say. Trust me.

 

Harry relaxes and is sucked through.

 

Ron: Ahh! Harry!

 

Harry falls through and lands on the hard ground. Hermione goes over to him and he stands up.

 

Ron: Harry!

Hermione: Are you okay?

Harry: Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.

Ron: Help!

Hermione: He's not relaxing, is he?

Harry: Apparently not.

Ron: Help! Help me!

Hermione: We've got to do something!

Harry: What?

Hermione: Uh! I remember reading something in Herbology. {Ron: Help!} Um Devil's Snare, Devil's Scare, {The snare shuts Ron's mouth} it's deadly fun...but will sulk in the sun! That's it! Devil's Snare hates sunlight! {takes out wand and points upwards.} Lumus Solem! {A beam of light shoots out. The Snare shrieks and recoils. Ron falls below.}

Ron: Ahhh!

Harry: Ron, are you okay?

Ron: Yeah.

Harry: Okay.

Ron: {stands} Whew. Lucky we didn't panic!

Harry: Lucky Hermione pays attention in Herbology.

 

There is a sound.

 

Hermione: What is that?

Harry: I don't know. Sounds like wings.

 

They enter into a room filled with golden "birds."

 

Hermione: Curious. I've never seen birds like these.

Harry: They're not birds, they're keys. And I'll bet one of them fits that door. {They come upon a broomstick, suspended in the air.}

Hermione: What's this all about?

Harry: I don't know. Strange.

{Ron creeps over to the door and takes out his wand.}

Ron: {rattles lock.} Alohomora! {Shrugs} Well, it was worth a try.

Hermione: Ugh! What're we going to do? There must be 1000 keys up there!

Ron: We're looking for a big old fashioned one. Probably rusty like the handle.

Harry: There! I see it! {points} The one with the broken wing! {He looks at the broom.}

Hermione: What's wrong, Harry?

Harry: It's too simple.

Ron: Oh, go on, Harry! If Snape can catch it on that old broomstick, you can! You're the youngest seeker in a century!

 

Harry nods and grabs the broom. All the keys suddenly go one direction, right at Harry. He climbs on, swiping at them.

 

Ron: This complicates things a bit!

 

Harry pushes off into the air. He flies off, after the key. The others follow him. Harry grabs the key.

 

Harry: Catch the key!

 

He zooms by and throws the key to Hermione, who catches it and heads for the lock while Harry distracts the other keys. Hermione puts it in the lock.

 

Ron: Hurry up!

 

The door opens, and Hermione and Ron rush through, followed by Harry. They shut the door just as the keys slam up against it.

 

Scene:

They enter a dark room, with broken pieces all around it.

 

Hermione: I don't like this. I don't like this at all.

Harry: Where are we? A graveyard.

Ron: This is no graveyard. {sighs} It's a chessboard. {Walks out onto the marble board and flames light, illuminating the board and GIANT players. Harry and Hermione come up with him.}

Harry: There's the door.

 

They walk across the board, towards the door. Suddenly, as they reach a line of pawns, the pawns bring up their swords. The three jump and back up.

 

Hermione: Now what do we do?

Ron: It's obvious, isn't it? We've got to play our way across the room. All right. Harry, you take the Bishop's square. Hermione, you'll be the Queen's side castle. As for me, I'll be a knight. {They all take their places.}

Hermione: What happens now?

Ron: {aboard a horse.} Well, white moves first, and then...we play. {A pawn on the other side moves forward. Ron studies the game.}

Hermione: Ron, you don't suppose this is going to be like...real wizard's chess, do you?

Ron: You there! D-5! {A black pawn moves forward, diagonal to the white pawn. The white pawn raises its swords and smashes the black one. The three jump.} Yes, Hermione, I think this is going to be exactly like wizard's chess!

 

The game continues. Pieces smash each other, boom! Boom!

Ron: Castle to E-4! Smash! Ron: Pawn to C-3! Smash! Boom! The Queen turns, and smashes a piece! Harry, Ron and Hermione wince. The Queen turns again. Both Ron and Harry study the game.

 

Harry: Wait a minute.

Ron: You understand right, Harry. Once I make my move, the Queen will take me...then you'll be free to check the King.

Harry: No, Ron! No!

Hermione: What is it?

Harry: He's going to sacrifice himself!

Hermione: No, Ron, you can't! {Ron closes his eyes.} There must be another way!

Ron: {turns to face Hermione.} Do you want to stop Snape or not? Harry, it's you that has to go on. I know it. Not me, not Hermione, you. {Harry nods.} Knight...to H-3.

 

Ron's horse moves forward, slides and stops.

 

Ron: Check.

 

The Queen turns and advances. Ron breathes faster, clutching the steel reins. The Queen stops. SMASH! Ron goes flying off the horse and lands on the floor, unconscious.

 

Ron: Ahhhh!

Harry: RON! {Hermione starts walking to him.} NO! Don't move! Dont forget, we're still playing. {Hermione moves back. Harry walks the diagonal in front of the King.} Checkmate. {The Kings sword falls onto the ground victory. Harry breathes out and then the two run to Ron. They bend beside him.} Take care of Ron. Then, go to the owlery. Send a message to Dumbledore. Ron's right...I have to go on.

Hermione: You'll be okay, Harry. You're a great wizard, you really are.

Harry: Not as good as you.

Hermione: {smile} Me? Books and cleverness? There are more important things. Friendship, and bravery. And Harry, just be careful.

 

Harry nods and stands, walking away.

 


 
Scene:

Harry walks down a long staircase to an empty room with pillars around it. The Mirror of Erised is in the middle of the room, and a man is standing before it. It is Quirrell. Harry yelps and grabs his scar.

 

Harry: You? {Quirrell turns around.} No. It can't be...Snape. He was the one

Quirrell: Yes. He does seem the type, doesn't he? Next to me, who would suspect, "p-p-poor s-stuttering Professor Quirrell?"

Harry: B-but, that day, during the Quidditch Match, Snape tried to kill me.

Quirrell: No, dear boy. I tried to kill you! And trust me, if Snape's cloak hadn't caught fire and broken my eye contact, I would have succeeded. Even with Snape muttering his little counter-curse.

Harry: Snape was trying to...save me?

Quirrell: I knew you were a danger right from the off. Especially after Halloween.

Harry: Th-then you let the troll in.

Quirrell: Very good Potter, yes. Snape, unfortunately, wasn't fooled. While everyone else was running to the dungeon, he went to the 3rd floor to head me off. He, of course, never trusted me again. He rarely left me alone. {Quirrell turns back to the mirror and Harry's scar hurts.} But he doesn't understand. I'm never alone. Never. Now...what does this mirror do? I see what I desire. I see myself holding the stone. But how do I get it?

{A raspy voice, VOLDEMORT, calls.}: Use the boy.

Quirrell: Come here, Potter, now!

 

Harry walks forward shakily.

 

Quirrell: Tell me. What do you see?

 

Harry looks in the mirror. He sees himself. His mirror self brings his hand into his pocket and takes out a red stone! The mirror self winks and puts the stone back. Very subtly, Harry reaches to his pocket. There is a lump. He gasps.

 

Quirrell: What is it?! What do you see?!

Harry: I-I'm shaking hands with Dumbledore. I've won the house cup.

Voldemort's voice: He lies.

Quirrell: Tell the truth! What do you see?!

Voldemort's voice: Let me speak to him.

Quirrell: Master, you are not strong enough.

Voldemort's voice: I have strength enough for this. {Quirrell unwraps his turban and on the side opposite his face, another face is planted. It is Voldemort who appears kind of like a snake. He stretches out and faces Harry via the mirror.} Harry Potter. We meet again.

Harry: Voldemort.

Voldemort: Yes. You see what I have become? See what I must do to survive? Live off another. A mere parasite. Unicorn blood can sustain me, but it cannot give me a body of my own. But there is something that can. Something, that conveniently enough, lies in your pocket!

 

Harry turns and runs.

 

Voldemort: Stop him! {Quirrell snaps his fingers and fire erupts all around the room. Harry is stuck.} Don't be a fool! Why suffer a horrific death when you can join me and live?!

Harry: {shakes his head} Never!

Voldemort: Haha. Bravery. Your parents had it too. Tell me, Harry, would you like to see your mother and father again? Together, we can bring them back. {In the mirror, Harrys parents faces appear.} All I ask for is something in return. {Harry takes the stone from his pocket.} That's it, Harry. There is no good and evil. There is only power, and those too weak to seek it. Together, we'll do extraordinary things. Just give me the stone! {Mother and father vanish.}

Harry: You liar!

Voldemort: Kill him!

 

Quirrell soars into the air and smashes into Harry, one hand on Harrys throat. They fall to the steps. The stone falls out of Harry's reach as Quirrell chokes him. Harry strains and squeaks. Suddenly, Harry puts his hand on Quirrell's, trying to get him off. Smoke furls from under his hand.

 

Quirrell: Ahh! Ahh! {backs up. His hand is crumbling into a mountain of black ash.} What is this magic? {hand dissipates.}

Voldemort: Fool! Get the stone!

Quirrell: {Walks forward, but Harry puts both hands on his face.} Ahhhhhhhhhh!

 

Quirrell backs up, then his face, which is horrendously burned, crumbles as he walks forward. His whole body is ash. He falls to the floor. Harry gasps. He looks at his own hands and hurries over to the stone. He picks it up and sighs, when he hears something. Turning, Harry sees a dust clouds with Voldemort's face. The cloud rushes forward, right through Harry!

 

Voldemort: Arrrhhhhhh!

Harry: Ahhhhhhhhh! {Voldemort flies away. Harry falls to the ground, unconscious. He holds the stone in an outstretched hand.}

 

Scene:

The hospital wing. Harry is bandaged, lying in bed. He awakens, puts on his glasses, and sits up. There are cards and candy all over. Dumbledore approaches him.

 

Dumbledore: Good afternoon, Harry. Ah. Tokens from your admirers?

Harry: Admirers?

Dumbledore: What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. {Both smile.} Ah, I see your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of opening your Chocolate Frogs.

Harry: Ron was here? Is he all right? What about Hermione?
Dumbledore: Fine. They're both just fine.

Harry: But, what happened to the Stone?

Dumbledore: Relax, dear boy. The stone has been destroyed. My friend Nicholas and I had a little chat and agreed it was best all around.

Harry: But Flamel, he'll die, won't he?

Dumbledore: {sits on the bed.} He has enough Elixir to set his affairs in order. But yes, he will die.

Harry: How is it I got the Stone, sir? One minute I was staring in the mirror, and the next...

Dumbledore: Ah. You see, only a person who wanted to find the Stone, find it, but not use it, would be able to get it. That is one of my more brilliant ideas. And between you and me thats saying something. {Smile both.}

Harry: Does that mean, with the Stone gone, I mean, that Voldemort can never come back?

Dumbledore: Ah, I'm afraid there are ways in which he can return. Harry, do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to have you touch him? {Harry shakes his head.} It was because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you, and that kind of act leaves a mark. {Harry touches his scar.} No, no, this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin.

Harry: What is it?

Dumbledore: Love, Harry, love. {Pats Harry's head and stands up.} Ah. Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans. I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit flavoured one, and since then I have lost my liking for them. But I think I could be safe with a nice toffee...{takes brown bean and eats it.} Mm. Alas. Earwax.

 

Scene:

Harry approaches a room where up on a stairwell balcony Hermione and Ron are talking. They stop when they see Harry and lean over the railing.

 

Harry: All right there, Ron?

Ron: All right? You?

Harry: {shrug} All right. Hermione?

Hermione: {smile} Never better.

 

Scene:

In the great hall. All students are seated, and green banners with snakes on them are around the ceiling.

Dumbledore, at the head table, nods to McGonagall.

She dings her glass and the chatter stops. Dumbledore rises.

 

Dumbledore: Another year gone. And now, as I understand it, the house cup needs awarding, and the points stand thus. In fourth place, Gryffindor with 312 points. {Clapping. Harry and Hermione hide their heads.} Third place, Hufflepuff, with 352 points. {Clapping.} In second place, Ravenclaw, with 426 points. {Clapping.} And in first place, with 472 points, Slytherin House.

 

There is immense cheering.

 

Students: Whoo! Yeah!

Draco: Nice one, Mate! {sees Ron looking at him and sneers.}

Dumbledore: Yes, yes, well done Slytherin, well done Slytherin. However, recent events must be taken into account. And I have a few last minute points to award. {The Gryffindor students look up.} To Miss Hermione Granger, for the use of cool intellect when others were in great peril, 50 points. {Applause.}

Harry: {Pats} Good job.

Dumbledore: Second, to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the best played game of chess {Ron looks at Harry and mouths, 'Me?' Harry nods, and mouths, 'You!'} that Hogwarts has seen these many years...50 points. {Applause} And third, to Mr. Harry Potter, for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house 60 points. {Immense cheering.}

Hermione: We're tied with Slytherin!

Dumbledore: And finally, it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends. I award 10 points to Neville Longbottom.

 

Immense cheering erupts. Neville is unbelieving, and sits there while cheering gets louder. Draco is downfallen.

 

Dumbledore: Assuming that my calculations are correct, I believe that a change of direction is in order. {Claps. The green banners change to Gryffindor red and yellow.} Gryffindor wins the House Cup!

 

Cheering.

 

Hagrid: Yes! {grins}

 

All students stand and throw their hats into the air, except Draco, who smashes his down onto the table.

 

Seamus: Neville! {Shakes his hand.}

 

All rub each other's hair and jump around, cheering and laughing.

 

Lee: Yeah! We won!! {Jumps with Harry, who looks back and grins very widely.}

 

Scene:

The outdoor train station. Students are walking around, getting in the train.

 

Hagrid: Come on now, hurry up. You'll be late. Train's leaving. Go on. Go on. Come on. Hurry up.

 

Harry hands Hedwig to a train man, and walks to an open door of the train with Hermione. Hermione waves to Hagrid, who waves back. Hermione gets in the train.

 

Hermione: Come on, Harry.

Harry: One minute. {He walks over to Hagrid.}

Hagrid: Thought you were leaving without saying good-bye, didja? {Hagrid takes a red album out of his coat pocket and hands it to Harry.} This is for you.

 

Harry opens the album and sees a picture, moving, of him as a baby with his parents. They are all smiling and waving. Harry smiles.

 

Harry: Thanks, Hagrid. {Shakes Hagrid's hand, then hugs him tightly.}

Hagrid: Oh. Go on...on with you. {Harry lets go.} Oh, listen, Harry, if that dolt of a cousin of yours, Dudley, gives you any grief, you could always, um, threaten him with a nice pair of ears to go with that tail of his.

Harry: But Hagrid, we're not allowed to do magic away from Hogwarts. You know that.

Hagrid: I do. But your cousin don't, do he? Eh? {chuckle} Off you go.

 

Harry walks away, back to the train door where Hermione and Ron are waiting.

 

Hermione: Feels strange to be going home, doesn't it?

Harry: I'm not going home. Not really.

 

The train whistles and they climb aboard. As the train starts to leave and the camera pans up over the whole scene, Harry waves out the window to Hagrid, who waves back and then waves more to other students as the camera pans far back, then the credits begin.

HARRY

I can't, Hedwig.  I'm not allowed
to use magic outside of school.
Besides, if Uncle Vernon --

UNCLE VERNON 

Har-ry Pot-ter!

HARRY

Now you've done it.

UNCLE VERNON
I warned you.  If you can't
control that bloody bird, it'll
have to go.

HARRY

She's bored.  If I could just let
her out for an hour or two --

UNCLE VERNON
And have you sending secret
messages to your freaky little
friends?  No, sir.

HARRY

But I haven't gotten any messages.
From any of my friends.  Not one.
All summer.

DUDLEY

Who'd want to be friends with you?

UNCLE VERNON

I should think you'd be more
grateful.  We raise you since you
were a baby, give you food off our
table, even let you have Dudley's
second bedroom... purely out of
the goodness of our hearts.

DUDLEY

I thought he got the second
bedroom because Mum was afraid
he'd turn us into dung beetles if
you put him back in the cupboard
under the stairs.

AUNT PETUNIA

Not yet, popkin.  That's for when
the Masons arrive.

UNCLE VERNON

Which should be any moment.  Now.
Let's run through our schedule one
more time.  Petunia, when the
Masons get here, you will be --

AUNT PETUNIA

In the lounge, waiting to welcome
them graciously to our home.

UNCLE VERNON

Good.  And Dudley?

DUDLEY

I'll be waiting to open the door.

UNCLE VERNON

Excellent.

And you?

HARRY

I'll be in my bedroom, making no
noise and pretending I don't
exist.

UNCLE VERNON

Too right you will.  With any
luck, this could well be the day I
make the biggest deal of my
career.

Upstairs!  Hurry!

DOBBY

Harry Potter!  Such an honor it
is!

HARRY
What... Who are you?

DOBBY

Dobby, sir.  Dobby the house elf.

HARRY

I see.  Not to be rude or
anything, but this isn't a great
time for me to have a house-elf in
my bedroom.

DOBBY

Oh, yes, sir, Dobby understands.
It's just that, Dobby has come to
tell you... it is difficult, sir...
Dobby wonders where to begin.

HARRY

Why don't you sit down?

DOBBY

S-s-sit down?

HARRY

Shhhh!  I'm sorry.  I didn't mean
to offend you or anything --

DOBBY

Offend Dobby!  Dobby has heard of
your greatness, sir, but never has
he been asked to sit down by a
wizard, like an equal...

HARRY

You can't have met many decent
wizards then.

DOBBY

Bad Dobby!  Bad Dobby!

UNCLE VERNON

Don't mind that.  It's just the...
cat.

DUDLEY

Cat?  What cat?

UNCLE VERNON

Our cat, tiger.

HARRY

Are you... all right?

DOBBY

Dobby had to punish himself, sir.
Dobby almost spoke ill of his
family, sir.

HARRY

Your... family?

DOBBY

The wizard family Dobby serves,
sir.  Dobby is bound to serve one
family forever.  If they ever knew
Dobby was here...

DOBBY

But Dobby had to come.  Dobby has
to protect Harry Potter.  To warn
him. Harry Potter must not go back to
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry this year.

HARRY

Not go back?  But... I have to.

DOBBY

This is a plot.  A plot to make
most terrible things happen.  If
Harry Potter goes back to school
he will be in great danger.

HARRY

What terrible things?  Who's
plotting them?

HARRY

Okay!  I understand.  You can't
say --

UNCLE VERNON

They arrive at the ninth hole
and!--

MR. MASON

Sounds as if that cat of yours has
dragged something in with it,
Dursley.

UNCLE VERNON

Not to worry.  I'll sort it out.

HARRY

Stop!  Stop!

UNCLE VERNON

What the devil are you doing up
here!  You've just ruined the
punch line of my Japanese golfer
joke.  One more sound and you'll
wish you'd never been born, boy!

HARRY

See why I've got to go back?  I
don't belong here.  I belong in
your world -- at Hogwarts.  It's
the only place I've got...
friends.

DOBBY

Friends who don't even write to
Harry Potter?

HARRY

Well, I expect they've been --
hang on, how do you know my
friends haven't been writing me?

DOBBY

Harry Potter mustn't be angry with
Dobby -- Dobby hoped if Harry
Potter thought his friends had
forgotten him... Harry Potter
might not want to go back to
school, sir...

HARRY
Give me those.  Now.

HARRY

Dobby... Please... No...

DOBBY

Harry Potter must say he's not
going back to school.

HARRY

I can't.  Hogwarts is my home.

DOBBY

Then Dobby must do it, sir.  For
Harry Potter's own good.

UNCLE VERNON

I'm sorry.  It's our nephew.  Very
disturbed.  Meeting strangers
upsets him, so we kept him
upstairs...

AUNT PETUNIA

We have ice cream...

UNCLE VERNON

Go on.  Read it.

HARRY

'Dear Mr. Potter.  We have
received intelligence that a Hover
Charm was used at your place of
residence at twelve minutes past
seven this evening.  As you know,
underage wizards are not permitted to 
perform spells outside school.'

UNCLE VERNON

You didn't tell us you weren't
Allowed to use magic at home.
Slipped your mind, didn't it?

Well, I've got news for you, boy.
I'm locking you up!  And if you
try to magic yourself out, they'll
expel you!  You're never going
back to that school!  Never!

DUDLEY

I know what day it is.

HARRY

Well done, Dudley.  Finally
learned the days of the week, have
you.

DUDLEY

Today's your birthday.  And nobody
cares.

HARRY

It's no good turning your beak up.
It's all we've got.

HARRY

Ron?

RON

Hiya, Harry.

HARRY

Fred?  George?  What're you doing
here?

RON

Rescuing you, of course.  Where's
your trunk?

RON

Stand back.

HARRY

Hedwig!

UNCLE VERNON

Petunia!  He's getting away!

RON

Hold on, Harry!

UNCLE VERNON

Oh no, boy!  You and that bloody
pigeon aren't going anywhere!

RON

Put your foot down, Fred!

RON

By the way, Harry.  Happy
Birthday.

FRED

Hurry!  Let's nip inside before
Mum wakes up!

RON

It's not much.

HARRY

I think it's... brilliant!

MRS. WEASLEY 

Where have you been?!

MRS. WEASLEY

Harry!  How wonderful to see you.

Beds empty!  No note!  You
could've died!  You could've been
seen!

I don't blame you, of course,
dear.

RON

They were starving him, Mum!
There were bars on his window!

MRS. WEASLEY

You best hope I don't put bars on
your window, Ronald Weasley!

Care for a spot of tea, Harry?

GINNY

Mummy.  Have you seen my jumper --

RON

Ginny.  Been talking about you all
summer.  Dead annoying, really.

GEORGE

Dad's home!

MR. WEASLEY

What a night!  Nine raids!  Nine!

HARRY

Raids?

RON

Dad works at the Ministry of
Magic.  In the Misuse of Muggle
Artefacts Office.

HARRY

The Misuse of Muggle Artefacts...?

RON

That's when wizards bewitch
something to drive Muggles mad.
Shrinking door keys, that kind of
thing.  Dad loves Muggles.  Thinks
they're fascinating.

MR. WEASLEY

Well now.  Who are you?

HARRY

Harry, sir.  Harry Potter.

MR. WEASLEY

Good Lord, are you really?  Ron's
told us all about you, of course.
When did you get here?

MRS. WEASLEY

This morning.  Your sons flew that
enchanted car of yours to Surrey
house and back last night.

MR. WEASLEY

Did you now!  How'd it go?!

I... I mean... That was very
wrong, boys.  Very wrong indeed.
So, Harry.  You must know all
about Muggles.  Tell me, what
exactly is the function of a
parking meter?

MRS. WEASLEY

That must be Errol with the post.
Fetch him, will you, George?

GEORGE

It's our Hogwarts letters!  And
look.  They've sent Harry's as well.

MR. WEASLEY

Dumbledore must know you're here,
Harry.  Doesn't miss a trick, that
man.

FRED

This lot won't come cheap, Mum.
The spellbooks alone...

MRS. WEASLEY

We'll manage.  Right then.
There's only one place to get all
of this.

HARRY

Diagon Alley!

RON

Diagon Alley!

FRED

Diagon Alley!

GEORGE

Diagon Alley!

MRS. WEASLEY

You first, Harry dear.

RON

Harry's never traveled by Floo
Powder before, Mum.

HARRY

Floo Powder?

MRS. WEASLEY

Percy.  Would you mind going
first, so Harry can see how it's
done?

PERCY

Certainly, Mother.  Don't worry,
Harry.  It's simple enough.

PERCY

Diagon Alley.

MRS. WEASLEY

Remember to speak clearly, dear!

RON

And mind you get out at the right grate!

HARRY

D-Dia-gon Alley!

MR. BORGIN

Mr. Malfoy!  What a pleasure to
see you again.  If I may, just in
today --

LUCIUS MALFOY

I'm not buying today, Mr. Borgin.
But selling.

MR. BORGIN

Selling?

LUCIUS MALFOY

You have heard, of course, that
the Ministry of Magic is
conducting more raids.  There are
even rumors of a new Muggle
Protection Act...

LUCIUS MALFOY

I have a few... ah... items at
home that might prove embarrassing
if the Ministry were to call.
Certain poisons and the like...

MR. BORGIN

Hmmm... yes.  I see...

DRACO

Can I have this?

MR. BORGIN

Ah, the Hand of Glory.  Insert a
candle and it gives light only to
the holder.  Best friend of
thieves and plunderers.  Your son
has fine taste, sir.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Hopefully my son will amount to
more than a thief, Mr. Borgin.
Though if his marks don't pick
up --

DRACO

It's not my fault the teachers
have favorites.  That Hermione
Granger --

LUCIUS MALFOY

I would have thought you'd be
ashamed that a girl of no
wizarding family beat you in every
exam.

MR. BORGIN

It's the same all over.  Wizard
blood is counting for less
everywhere.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Not with me.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Very good.  I'll expect you at the
manor tomorrow.  Come, Draco.

AGED WITCH 

Not lost are you, my dear?

HARRY

I'm fine, thanks.  I'm just --

HAGRID

HARRY!  What d'yer think yer doin'
down 'ere?

HARRY

Hagrid!

HAGRID

Yer a mess!  Skulkin' 'round
Knockturn Alley.  Dodgy place,
Harry.  Don't want no one ter see
yeh down there.  People'll be
thinkin' yer up ter no good.

HARRY

I was lost, I -- Hang on.  What
were you doing down there?

HAGRID

I was lookin' fer a Flesh Eatin'
Slug Repellent.  They're ruinin'
the school cabbages.

HERMIONE 

Harry!

HERMIONE

Hello, Hagrid.  Oh, it's wonderful
to see you two again.

HERMIONE

Oculus Reparo.

HARRY

I need to remember that one.

HERMIONE

C'mon.  Everyone's been so worried.

MR. WEASLEY

So you're dentists!  Fascinating!
I understand other Muggles quite
fear you?  Why is that?

MRS. WEASLEY

Oh, Harry.  Thank goodness.  We
hoped you'd only gone one grate
too far.  Come now.  We're off to
Flourish and Blotts.

HERMIONE

Isn't it thrilling!  Gilderoy
Lockhart's going to be there!  We
can actually meet him!  I mean,
he's written almost the whole
booklist!

HARRY

Who?

MRS. WEASLEY

There he is!

RON

Mum fancies him.

SHORT MAN

Out of the way!  This is for The
Daily Prophet!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

It can't be Harry Potter?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Nice big smile, Harry.  Together,
you and I rate the front page.

Ladies and gentlemen!  What an
extraordinary moment this is!
When young Harry here stepped into
Flourish and Blotts this morning
to purchase my autobiography,
Magical Me -- which, incidentally
is celebrating its twenty-seventh
week atop The Daily Prophet's
Bestseller List -- he had no idea
that he would, in fact, be leaving
with my entire collected works!
Free of charge!

HARRY

Thank you.

HARRY

You have these.  I'll buy my
own!--

DRACO

Bet you loved that, didn't you,
Potter?  Famous Harry Potter.
Can't even go into a bookshop
without making the front page.

GINNY

Leave him alone!  He didn't want
all that!

DRACO

Look, Potter.  You've got yourself
a girlfriend!

LUCIUS MALFOY

Silence, Draco!  Ah... Mr. Potter.
I don't believe we've met.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Forgive me, Mr. Potter.  But your
scar is legend.  As, of course, is
the wizard who gave it to you.

HARRY

He was a murderer.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Yes, a pity about your parents.
Curious that you yourself should
escape with a mere flesh wound.
Curious, too, that you speak of
him in the past.  Surely, you
don't think He-Who-Must-Not-Be-
Named is gone forever.

HARRY

His name is Voldemort.

LUCIUS MALFOY

You must be very brave, Mr.
Potter, to dare speak his name.
Or foolish.

HERMIONE

Fear of a name only increases fear
of the thing itself.

LUCIUS MALFOY

You must be Miss Granger.  Draco's
told me all about you... and your
parents.  Muggles, aren't you?

MR. WEASLEY

Ron!  Harry!  It's mad in here.
Let's go outside.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Well, well, well -- Arthur
Weasley.

MR. WEASLEY

Lucius.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Busy time at the Ministry.  All
those raids.  I hope they're
paying you overtime.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Obviously not.  Dear me.  What's
the use of being a disgrace to the
name of wizard if they don't even
pay you well for it.

MR. WEASLEY

We have a very different idea
about what disgraces the name of
wizard, Lucius.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Clearly.  The company you keep,
Weasley.  And I thought your
family could sink no lower.

HAGRID

Ignore 'im, Arthur.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Here, girl.  Take your book.  It's
the best your father can give you.

HAGRID

No Malfoy's worth listenin' ter.
Rotten ter the core, the whole
family...

MRS. WEASLEY

Oh dear!  The train'll be leaving
any moment!  All together now!

MRS. WEASLEY

Go on, Ginny.  You know what to
do.

MRS. WEASLEY 

Come, Ginny.  We'll get you a
seat.

RON

We better hurry.

GUARD

What in blazes d'you two think
you're doing?

HARRY

Sorry.  Lost control of the
trolley.

RON

Why can't we get through?

HARRY

I dunno.  The gateway's sealed
itself for some reason.

The train leaves at exactly eleven
o'clock.  We've missed it.

Can't hear a thing.

RON

Harry.  If we can't get through,
maybe Mum and Dad can't get back.

HARRY

Maybe we should go wait by the
car.

RON

The car!

HARRY

This is mad.  We can't drive to
Hogwarts.

RON

Who says we're driving?

HARRY

You don't mean -- Ron, no.

RON

Look, who knows when Mum and Dad
will get back.  And we've got to
get to school, haven't we?  And
even underage wizards are allowed
to use magic if it's an absolute
emergency.  Least that's what Fred
and George always say...

HARRY

Something tells me we're going to
regret this.

HARRY

No offense, Ron, but are you sure
you know how to fly this.

RON

No problem.

RON

There.  See.  Now I reckon all we
have to do is find the Hogwarts
Express and follow it.  Simple.

HARRY

Uh, Ron.  I should tell you.  Most
Muggles aren't accustomed to
seeing a flying car.

RON

Right.

RON

Uh oh.  The Invisibility Booster
must be faulty.

RON

Any sign of the train?

HARRY

There!  Up ahead!  Look...

RON

Brilliant.

RON

It must be around here
someplace.

HARRY

Do you hear that?

HARRY

Aaaahhhhh!

RON

Take my hand!

RON

Hold on!

HARRY

I'm trying!  Your hand's all
sweaty!

HARRY

I think we found the train.

RON

Welcome home, Harry.

HARRY

Just out of interest, Ron.  Have
you ever landed a car before?

RON

Well... no.  but, until a few
hours ago, I'd never taken off in
one either.

RON

Uh oh.

RON

It's not working!

HARRY

Up!  Up!

HARRY

Mind that tree!

HARRY

Turn!  Turn!

RON

Stop!  Stop!  Stop!

RON

My wand!  Look at my wand!

HARRY

Be thankful it's not your neck.

RON

What's happening?

RON

Aaaaahhhhh!

RON

What kind of tree is this?

HARRY

Aaaaahhhhh!

HARRY

Reverse!  Reverse!

RON

Dad's going to kill me.

HARRY

A house elf shows up in my
bedroom, we can't get through the
barrier to Platform Nine and Three
Quarters, we almost get killed by
a tree... clearly someone doesn't
want me here this year.

FILCH

Well, take a good look, lads...

FILCH

This night might well be the last
you spend in this castle.

SNAPE

You were seen!  By no less then
seven Muggles.  Do you have any
idea how serious this is?  You
have risked the exposure of our
world.  Not to mention the damage
you inflicted on a Whomping Willow
that has been on these grounds for
hundreds of years.

RON

Honestly, Professor Snape, I think
it did more damage to us.

SNAPE

Silence!  I assure you, were you
in Slytherin and your fate rested
with me, the both of you would be
on the train home tonight.  As it
is --

DUMBLEDORE

They are not.

HARRY

Professor Dumbledore.  Professor
McGonagall...

SNAPE

Headmaster, these boys have
flouted the Decree for the
Restriction of Underage Wizardry.
As such...

DUMBLEDORE

I'm well aware of our bylaws,
Severus, having written more than
a few myself.  However, as Head of
Gryffindor House, it is for
Professor McGonagall to determine
the appropriate action.

RON

We'll go and get our stuff.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

What are you talking about, Mr.
Weasley?

RON

Well, you're going to expel us,
aren't you?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Not today, Mr. Weasley.  But I
must impress upon both of you the
seriousness of what you have done.
I will be sending owls to both of
your families tonight.  And you
will each get a detention.

DUMBLEDORE

Splendid.  Now, I suggest we
return to the feast.  There's a
delicious-looking custard tart I
want to sample.

HARRY

Mr. Filch.  You dropped this...

NEVILLE

Detention.  On the first day?

SEAMUS

That must be some kind of record.

HERMIONE

I should think you'd count
yourself lucky that's all you got.

RON

I should think you'd mind your own
business.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Welcome to Greenhouse Three,
Second Years.  Today, we will be
re-potting Mandrakes.  Now, who
here can tell me the properties of
the Mandrake?  Yes, Miss Granger.

HERMIONE

Mandrake, or Mandragora, is used
to return those who have been
transfigured to their original
state.  It's also quite dangerous.
The Mandrake's cry is fatal to
anyone who hears it.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Excellent.  Ten points to
Gryffindor.  As our Mandrakes are
only seedlings, their cries won't
kill yet.  However, they will
knock you out for several hours.
That is why I have provided each
of you with a pair of earmuffs.
If you would then...

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Hm.  Looks as though Mr.
Longbottom neglected his muffs.

SEAMUS

No, ma'am.  He's just fainted.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Very well.  We'll just leave him
then.  Come now.  Four to a tray,
plenty of pots to go round...

PENELOPE CLEARWATER

There's Nearly Headless Nick.

PERCY

Hello, Sir Nicolas.

NEARLY HEADLESS NICK

Hello, Percy.  Miss Clearwater.

RON

Say it.  I'm doomed.

HARRY

You're doomed.

COLIN

Hiya, Harry.  I'm Colin Creevey.
I'm in Gryffindor too.

HARRY

Hello, Colin.  Nice to meet --

COLIN

They're for my dad -- the
pictures.  He's a milkman, you
know, a Muggle, like all our
family's been until me.  No one
knew all the odd stuff I could do
was magic till we got my letter
from Hogwarts.  Everyone just
thought I was mental.

RON

Imagine that.

COLIN

Say, Harry.  D'you think your
friend could take a photo of me
and you standing together?  Ya'
know, to prove I've met you?

DEAN THOMAS

Post is here!

RON

Bloody bird's a menace -- Oh...
no.

SEAMUS

Heads up, everyone.  Weasley's
gotten himself a Howler.

NEVILLE

Go on, Ron.  I ignored one from
my Gran once... and it was
horrible.

MRS. WEASLEY 

Ronald Weasley!  How dare you
steal that car!  I am
absolutely disgusted!  Your
father's now facing an inquiry
at work and it's entirely your
fault!  If you put another toe out
of line we'll bring you straight
home!

Oh, and Ginny dear.
Congratulations on making
Gryffindor.  Your father and I are
so proud.

HARRY

Look at it this way.  How much
worse can things get?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Let me introduce you to your new
Defense Against the Dark Arts
Teacher.  Me.  Gilderoy Lockhart,
Order of Merlin, Third Class,
Honorary Member of the Dark Force
Defense League and five times
winner of Witch Weekly's Most-
Charming-Smile Award -- But I
don't talk about that.  I didn't
get rid of the Bandon Banshee by
smiling at her!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I see you've all bought a complete
set of my books.  Well done.  I
thought we'd start today with a
little quiz.  Nothing to worry
about.  Just to check how well
you've read them, how much you've
taken in...

RON

Look at these questions.  They're
all about him.

HARRY

'What is Gilderoy Lockhart's
favorite color?'

RON

'What is Gilderoy Lockhart's
greatest achievement to date?'

HARRY

'When is Gilderoy Lockhart's
birthday and what would his ideal
gift be?'

GILDEROY LOCKHART

You have thirty minutes.  Start --
now!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Tut, tut.  Hardly any of you
remembered my favorite color is
lilac.  But Miss Hermione Granger
knew that my secret ambition is to
rid the world of evil and market
my own range of hair care potions.
Good girl.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Now... be warned!  It is my job to
arm you against the foulest
creatures known to wizardkind!
You may find yourself facing your
own worst fears in this room.
Know only that no harm can befall
you whilst I am here...

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I must ask you not to scream.  It
might provoke them.

SEAMUS

Cornish pixies?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Freshly caught Cornish pixies.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Laugh if you will, Mr. Finnegan,
but pixies can be devilishly
tricky little blighters.  Let's
see what you make of them now!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Come on now, round them up, round
them up.  They're only pixies. Peskipiski Pesternomi!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I'll ask you three to just nip the
rest of them back into their cage.

RON

What do we do now?

HERMIONE

Immobilus!

NEVILLE

Why is it always me?

RON

Can you believe him?

HERMIONE

I'm sure Professor Lockhart just
wanted to give us some hands-on
experience.

HARRY

Hands on?  Hermione, he didn't
have a clue what he was doing.

HERMIONE

Rubbish.  Read his books.  You'll
see all the amazing things he's
done.

RON

He says he's done.

WOOD

I spent the summer devising a
whole new Quidditch program.
We're going to train earlier,
harder, and longer!

What the... I don't believe it!

RON

Uh-oh.  I smell trouble.

WOOD

Clear out, Flint!  I booked the
pitch for Gryffindor today.

FLINT

Easy, Wood.  I've got a note.

WOOD

'I, Professor Severus Snape, do
hereby give the Slytherin team
permission to practice today,
owing to the need to train their
new Seeker.'

You've got a new Seeker?  Who?

HARRY

Draco?

DRACO

That's right.  And that's not all
that's new this year...

RON

Those are Nimbus Two Thousand
Ones.

FLINT

A generous gift from Draco's
father.

DRACO

That's right, Weasley.  You see,
unlike some, my father can afford
to buy the best.

HERMIONE

At least no one on the Gryffindor
team had to buy their way in.
They got in on pure talent.

DRACO

No one asked your opinion, you
filthy little Mudblood.

WOOD

Save it for the match.

RON

You'll pay for that one, Malfoy!
Eat slugs!

HERMIONE

Ron!  Say something!

COLIN

Wow!  Can you hold him still,
Harry?!

HARRY

Get out of the way, Colin!
Let's take him to Hagrid.  He'll
know what to do.

HAGRID

Got jus' the thing.  Set 'im down
on that chair o'er there.

HAGRID

Better out than in.  Who was he
tryin' ter curse anyway?

HARRY

Malfoy.  He called Hermione, well,
I don't know exactly what it
means...

HERMIONE

He called me a Mudblood.

HAGRID

He didn'!

HERMIONE

It means dirty blood.  Mudblood's
a really foul name for someone who
was Muggle-born.  Someone with
non-magic parents.  Someone...
like me.  It's not a term one
usually hears in civilized
conversation.

HAGRID

Yeh see, Harry.  There are some
wizards -- like Malfoy's family --
who think they're better than
everyone else 'cause they're what
people call pureblood.

HARRY

That's horrible.

RON

It's disgusting!

HAGRID

An' it's codswallop ter boot.
Dirty blood.  There's 'ardly a
wizard today that's not half-blood
or less.  If we 'adn't married
Muggles we'd've died out long ago.
Besides, they haven't invented a
spell our Hermione can't do...
Don' you think on it, Hermione.
Don' you think on it fer a minute.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Harry, Harry, Harry... Can you
possibly imagine a better way to
serve detention than by helping me
answer my fan mail?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Fame's a fickle friend, Harry.
Celebrity is as celebrity does.
Remember that.

VOICE

Come... come to me...

HARRY

What?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I was saying, six solid months at
the top of the bestseller list!
Broke all records!

HARRY

No... not you, that... voice.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Voice?

HARRY

That... voice.  Didn't you hear
it?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

What are you talking about, Harry?
I think we're getting a bit
drowsy.  Great Scott -- and no
wonder -- look at the time!  We've
been here nearly four hours!
Dinner's nearly done!  If you
hurry you might make pudding.
Spooky how the time flies when
one's having fun!

HARRY

Spooky.

VOICE

Blood... I smell blood...

VOICE

Let me rip you... let me kill
you...

HERMIONE

Harry!

HARRY

Did you hear it?

RON

Hear what?

HARRY

That... voice.

HERMIONE

Voice?  What voice?

HARRY

I heard it first in Lockhart's
office and then again, just --

VOICE

Kill... Time to kill...

HARRY

It's moving.  I think it's going
to... kill.

RON

Harry, what are you doing?

HERMIONE

'The Chamber of Secrets has been
opened...?'

RON

What's that?  Hanging underneath?

HARRY

That's Filch's cat.  Mrs. Norris.

HERMIONE

Look at that.  Have you ever seen
spiders act like that?  Ron...?

RON

I... don't... like... spiders.

DRACO

Enemies of the heir, beware!
You'll be next, Mudbloods!

FILCH

What's going on here?  Go on now!
Make way...

Mrs. Norris!
You!  You've murdered my cat!
I'll kill you!  I'll --

DUMBLEDORE

Argus!

DUMBLEDORE

Everyone will proceed to their
dormitories immediately.
Everyone except you three.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

It was definitely a curse that
killed her -- probably the
Transmogrifian Torture.
Encountered it myself once, in
Ouagadougou.  The full story's in
my autobiography...

DUMBLEDORE

She's not dead, Argus.  She's been
Petrified.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Precisely!  So unlucky I wasn't
there.  I know the very
countercurse that could have
spared her...

DUMBLEDORE

But how she's been Petrified... I
cannot say.

FILCH

Ask him!  It's him that's done it.
You saw what he wrote on the wall!
Besides, he knows I'm -- I'm a
Squib.

HARRY

It's not true, sir!  I swear!  I
never touched Mrs. Norris -- And I
don't even know what a Squib is.

FILCH

Rubbish!  He saw my Kwikspell
letter!

SNAPE

If I might, Headmaster...

SNAPE

Perhaps Potter and his friends
were simply in the wrong place at
the wrong time...

SNAPE

However, the circumstances are
suspicious.  I, for one, don't
recall seeing Potter at dinner.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I'm afraid that's my doing,
Severus.  You see, Harry was
helping me answer my fan mail...

HERMIONE

That's why Ron and I went looking
for him, Professor.  We'd just
found him when Harry said...

SNAPE

Yes, Miss Granger?

HARRY

When I said I wasn't hungry.  We
were heading back to the Common
Room and... found Mrs. Norris.

DUMBLEDORE

Innocent until proven guilty.

FILCH

My cat has been Petrified!  I want
to see some punishment!

DUMBLEDORE

We will be able to cure her,
Argus.  As I understand it, Madam
Sprout has a very healthy growth
of Mandrakes.  When they have
matured, a potion will be made
which will revive Mrs. Norris.  In
the meantime, I advise caution.
To all.

RON

A Squib's someone who's born into
a wizarding family but hasn't got
any powers of their own.  It's why
Filch is trying to learn magic
from a Kwikspell course.  It's
also why he hates students so
much.  He's bitter.

HERMIONE

Harry.  This voice.   You said you
heard it first in Lockhart's
office?

HARRY

Yes.

HERMIONE

And did he hear it?

HARRY

He said he didn't.

RON

Maybe he was lying.

HERMIONE

I hardly think someone with
Gilderoy Lockhart's credentials
would lie to one of his students,
Ronald.  Besides, if you recall,
we didn't hear anything either.

HARRY

You do believe me, don't you?

HERMIONE

'Course we do.  It's just... it's
a bit weird, isn't it?  You hear
this voice and then... Mrs. Norris
turns up Petrified.

HARRY

I can't explain it -- it was...
scary.
D'you think I should've told them!
-- Dumbledore and the others, I mean.

RON

Are you mad!

HERMIONE

No, Harry.  Even in the wizarding
world, hearing voices isn't a good
sign.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Today, we will be turning animals
into water goblets.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Now, who would like to go first...
Mr. Weasley?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

You must replace that wand, Mr.
Weasley.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Yes, Miss Granger?

HERMIONE

Professor, I was wondering if you
could tell us about the Chamber of
Secrets?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

My subject is Transfiguration,
Miss Granger.

HERMIONE

Yes, Professor.  But there seems
to be very little written about
the Chamber of Secrets.  For those
of us with a personal interest in
the subject, that is...
disturbing.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Very well.  You all know, of
course, that Hogwarts was founded
over a thousand years ago by the
four greatest witches and wizards
of the age:
Godric Gryffindor, Helga
Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and
Salazar Slytherin.  Three of the
founders co-existed quite
harmoniously.  One did not.

RON

Three glasses who?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Salazar Slytherin wished to be
more selective about the students
admitted to Hogwarts.  He believed
that magical learning should be
kept within all-magic families.
In other words, purebloods.
Unable to sway the others, he
decided to leave the school.
According to legend, Slytherin had
built a hidden chamber in this
castle, known as the Chamber of
Secrets.  Shortly before
departing, he sealed it until that
time when his own true heir
returned to the school.  The heir
alone would be able to open the
Chamber of Secrets and unleash the
horror within, and by so doing,
purge the school of all those who,
in Slytherin's view, were unworthy
to study magic.

HERMIONE

Muggle-borns.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Yes.  Naturally, the school has been
searched many times for such a
chamber.  It has never been found.

HERMIONE

Professor, what exactly does
legend tell us lies within the
Chamber?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

The Chamber is said to be home to
something which the heir of Slytherin
alone can control.  It is said to be
home... to a monster.

RON

D'you think it's true?  D'you
think there really is a Chamber of
Secrets?

HERMIONE

Yes.  Couldn't you tell:
McGonagall's worried.  All the
teachers are.

HARRY

But if there really is a Chamber
of Secrets, and it's really been
opened, that means...

HERMIONE

The Heir of Slytherin has returned
to Hogwarts.  The question is, who
is it?

RON

Let's think.  Who do we know who
thinks Muggle-borns are scum.

HERMIONE

If you're talking about him --

RON

Of course!  You heard him:
'You'll be next, Mudbloods'!

HERMIONE

I heard him.  But Malfoy?  The
Heir of Slytherin?

HARRY

Maybe Ron's right, Hermione.  I
mean, look at his family.  The
whole lot of them have been in
Slytherin for centuries.

RON

Crabbe and Goyle must know.  Maybe
we could trick them into
telling...

HERMIONE

No.  Even they aren't that thick.
But there might be another way.
Mind you, it would be difficult.
Not to mention we'd be breaking
about fifty school rules.  And it
would be dangerous.  Very
dangerous.

RON

When do we start?

HERMIONE

Here it is:  'The Polyjuice
Potion.  Properly brewed, the
Polyjuice Potion allows the
drinker to transform himself
temporarily into the physical form
of another...'

RON

You mean, Harry and I drink some
of this stuff and we turn into
Crabbe and Goyle?

HERMIONE

Yes.

RON

Wicked!  Malfoy'll tell us anything!

HERMIONE

Exactly.  But it's tricky.  I've
never seen a more complicated
potion.  Lacewing flies, leeches,
fluxweed.  And, of course, we'll
need a bit of whoever we want to
change into too.

RON

Hang on now.  I'm drinking nothing
with Crabbe's toenails in it.

HARRY

How long will it take to make?

HERMIONE

A month.

HARRY

A month?  But if Malfoy is the
heir of Slytherin... he could
attack half the Muggle-borns in
the school by then.

HERMIONE

You didn't have to tell me that.

HAGRID

Gallopin' Gorgons!  Slytherin's
flyin' like they got dragon fire
in their brooms...

DRACO

All right there, Scarhead?

GEORGE

Harry!  Watch out!

HAGRID

Blimey, Harry's got 'imself a
Rogue Bludger!

RON

Rogue Bludger?

HAGRID

Look fer yerself!  It's bin'
tampered with!

HERMIONE

You're joking, right?  Besides,
even with a proper wand, it's too
risky.  You could hit Harry.

DRACO

Training for the ballet, Potter?

HERMIONE

Finite Incantatem!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Not to worry, Harry.  I'll fix
that arm of yours straight away.

HARRY

No... no... not you.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Poor boy doesn't know what he's
saying.  This won't hurt a bit...

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Ah.  Yes.  Well, that can
sometimes happen.  The point is,
the bones are no longer broken.

HAGRID

Brok'n?  He doesn't 'ave any bones
at all!

MADAM POMFREY

He should have been brought
straight to me!  I can mend bones
in a heartbeat -- but growing them
back --

HERMIONE

You will be able to, won't you?

MADAM POMFREY

I'll be able to, certainly, but it
will be painful.  You're in for a
rough night, Potter.  Regrowing
bones is nasty business.

MADAM POMFREY

Well, what did you expect --
pumpkin juice?

COLIN

That was brilliant today, Harry!
Brilliant!

MADAM POMFREY

Out!  All of you!  This boy's got
thirty-three bones to regrow!

HARRY

Dobby!

DOBBY

Harry Potter came back to school.
Dobby warned him.  Harry Potter
should have listened to Dobby.
Harry Potter should have gone back
home when he missed the train.

HARRY

It was you!  You stopped the
barrier from letting Ron and me
through!

DOBBY

Indeed yes, sir.  Dobby hid and
watched for Harry Potter and
sealed the gateway.

HARRY

You nearly got Ron and me
expelled!

DOBBY

At least you would be away from
here.  Harry Potter must go home!
Dobby thought his Bludger would be
enough to make Harry Potter see --

HARRY

Your Bludger? You made that
Bludger chase after me?

DOBBY

Dobby feels most aggrieved, sir.
Dobby had to iron his hands...

HARRY

You'd better clear off before my
bones come back, Dobby, or I might
strangle you!

DOBBY

Dobby is used to death threats,
sir.  Dobby gets them five times a
day at home.

HARRY

I don't suppose you could tell me
why you're trying to kill me?

DOBBY

Not kill you, sir, never kill you!
Dobby remembers how it was before
Harry Potter triumphed over He Who
Must Not Be Named.  We house elves
were treated like vermin, sir.  Of
course, Dobby is still treated
like vermin...

HARRY

Why do you wear that thing, Dobby?

DOBBY

This, sir?  'Tis a mark of the
house elf's enslavement.  Dobby
can only be freed if his master
presents him with clothes.  The
family is careful not to pass
Dobby so much as a sock, sir, for
then he would be free to leave
their house forever.

DOBBY

Terrible things are about to
happen at Hogwarts!  Harry Potter
must not stay here now that
history is to repeat itself!

HARRY

Repeat itself?  You mean, this has
happened before?

HARRY

Tell me, Dobby?  When did this
happen before?  Who's doing it
now?

DOBBY

Dobby cannot say, sir.  Dobby only
wants Harry Potter to be safe.

HARRY

No, Dobby!  Tell me!  Who is it?

MADAM POMFREY

What's happened?

DUMBLEDORE

There's been another attack.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Perhaps he managed to get a
picture of his attacker...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

What does this mean, Albus?

DUMBLEDORE

It means our students are in great
danger, Minerva.  Mr. Creevey was
fortunate.  If not for this...
He would surely be dead.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

What sould I tell the staff,
Albus?

DUMBLEDORE

Tell them the truth.  Tell them
Hogwarts is no longer safe.  Tell
them it's as we feared.  The
Chamber of Secrets is indeed open
again.

HERMIONE

Again?  You mean, the Chamber of
Secrets has been opened before?

RON

Of course!  Don't you see?  Lucius
Malfoy must've opened it when he
was at school here, and now he's
told Draco how to do it.

HERMIONE

Maybe.  We'll have to wait for the
Polyjuice Potion to know for sure.

RON

Enlighten me.  Why are we
brewing this potion in broad
daylight, in the middle of a
girls' lavatory?  Don't you think
we'll get caught?

HERMIONE

Never.  No one over comes in here.

RON

Why?

HERMIONE

Moaning Myrtle.

RON

Who's Moaning Myrtle?

MOANING MYRTLE

I'm Moaning Myrtle.  I wouldn't
expect you to know me.  Who
would ever talk about fat, ugly,
miserable, moping, moaning
Myrtle?

HERMIONE

She's a little sensitive.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Gather round!  Gather round!  Can
everyone see me? Can you all hear
me?  Excellent.  In light of the
dark events of recent weeks,
Professor Dumbledore has granted
me permission to start this little
Dueling Club, to train you all up
in case you ever need to defend
yourselves as I myself have done
on countless occasions -- for full
details, see my published works.

JUSTIN FINCH-FLETCHLEY

That Lockhart's something, isn't
he?  Awfully brave chap.
Justin Finch-Fletchley.
Hufflepuff.

HARRY

Nice to meet you.  I'm --

JUSTIN FINCH-FLETCHLEY

I know who you are.  We all do.
Even us Muggle-borns.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Let me introduce my assistant
Professor Snape.  He has
sportingly agreed to help me with
a short demonstration.  Now I
don't want any of you youngsters
to worry.  You'll still have your
Potions Master when I'm through
with him, never fear!

RON

What's the fun in that?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

As you can see, we are holding our
wands in the accepted combative
position.  On the count of three,
we will cast our first spells.
Neither of us will be aiming to
kill, of course.

HARRY

I wouldn't bet on that.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

One-two-three --

SNAPE

Expelliarmus!

HERMIONE

Do you think he's all right?

HARRY

Who cares?

RON

Who cares?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Well, there you have it.  That was
a Disarming Charm.  As you see,
I've lost my wand.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Ah, thank you, Miss Granger.  Yes,
an excellent idea to show them
that, Professor Snape, but if you
don't mind my saying so, it was
very obvious what you were about
to do.  If I had wanted to stop
you it would have been only too
easy...

SNAPE

Perhaps it would be prudent to
first teach the students to block
unfriendly spells, Professor.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

An excellent suggestion, Professor
Snape.  Let's have a volunteer
pair.  Potter, Weasley, how about
you?

SNAPE

Weasley's wand causes devastation
with the simplest spells.  We'll
be sending Potter to the hospital
wing in a matchbox.  Might I
suggest someone from my own house.
Malfoy, perhaps.

DRACO

Scared, Potter?

HARRY

You wish.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Wands at the ready!  When I count
to three, cast your charms to
disarm your opponent -- only to
disarm.  We don't want any
accidents.  One, two --

HARRY

Rictusempra!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I said disarm only!

DRACO

Serpensortia!

SNAPE

Don't move, Potter.  I'll get rid
of it for you.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Allow me!

HARRY

Leave him!

HARRY

Leave him!

JUSTIN-FINCH-FLETCHLEY

What are you playing at?

RON

Come on.  Move.  Now.

RON

You're a Parselmouth!  Why didn't
you tell us?

HARRY

I'm a what?

HERMIONE

You can talk to snakes.

HARRY

I know.  I mean, I accidentally
set a python on my cousin Dudley
at the zoo once.  But so what?  I
bet loads of people here can do
it.

HERMIONE

No.  They can't.  It's not a very
common gift, Harry.  This is bad.

HARRY

What's bad?  If I hadn't told that
snake not to attack Justin --

RON

Oh, that's what you said to it.

HARRY

You were there!  You heard me!

RON

I heard you speaking Parseltongue.
Snake language.

HARRY

I spoke a different language?  But
I didn't realize -- how can I
speak a language without knowing I
can?

HERMIONE

I don't know, Harry.  But it
sounded like you were egging the
snake on or something.  It was...
creepy.

HERMIONE

Harry, listen out me.  There's a
reason the symbol of Slytherin
house is a serpent.  Salazar
Slytherin was a Parselmouth.  He
could talk to snakes too.

RON

Exactly.  And now the whole
school's going to think you're his
great-great-great grandson or
something.

HARRY

But I'm not.  I... can't be.

HERMIONE

He lived a thousand years ago.
For all we know... you could be.

HARRY

Who am I, Hedwig?  What am I?

ERNIE

So, anyway, I told Justin to hide
up in our dormitory.  I mean to
say, if Potter's marked him down
as his next victim, it's best he
keep a low profile for a while.

HANNAH

But why would he want to attack
Justin?

ERNIE

Justin let it slip to Potter that
he was Muggle-born.

HANNAH

And you definitely think Potter's
the Heir of Slytherin?

ERNIE

Hannah, he's a Parselmouth.
Everyone knows that's the mark of
a dark wizard.  Have you ever
heard of a decent one who could
talk to snakes?  They called
Slytherin himself Serpent-tongue.
Remember what was written on the
wall:  Enemies of the Heir Beware.
Potter had some sort of run-in
with Filch.  Next thing we know,
Filch's cat's attacked.  That
first-year Creevey's been annoying
Potter.  Then Creevey's attacked.

HANNAH

He always seems so nice, though.
And, after all, he is the one who
made You Know Who disappear.

ERNIE

That's probably why You Know Who
wanted to kill him in the first
place.  Didn't want another Dark
Lord competing with him.

HAGRID

All  righ', Harry?

HARRY

Hagrid... what're you doing
here?

HAGRID

Second one killed this term.
Reckon it's either foxes or a
Blood-Suckin' Bugbear.  Need
Dumbledore's permission ter put a
charm round the hen-coop.  Yeh
sure yeh're all righ', Harry?  Yeh
look all hot an' bothered.

HARRY

It's nothing.  I'd better get
going.  I've got a lot of
studying...

HARRY

Professor, I swear I didnt --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

This is out of my hands, Potter.
Mr. Filch, will you take care of
this, please?

FILCH

Caught in the act.  I'll have you
out this time, Potter.  Mark my
words...

FILCH

Dark magic.  That's what you've
got, Potter.  Even the air you
breathe comes out poison.  You're
evil.  Evil as they come...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Sherbet lemon.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Professor Dumbledore will be
waiting for you.

SORTING HAT

Bee in your bonnet, Potter?

HARRY

Well, you see, I was wondering...

SORTING HAT

If I put you in the right house?
Yes... you were particularly
difficult to place.  But I stand
by what I said last year... you
would have done well in Slytherin.

HARRY

You're wrong!

HARRY

Professor, your bird... I couldn't
do anything... He just caught
fire.

DUMBLEDORE

About time too.  He's been looking
dreadful for days.  Pity you had
to see him on a Burning Day.  He's
really very handsome most of the
time.
Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry.
Phoenixes burst into flame when it
is time for them to die and are
reborn from the ashes.

DUMBLEDORE

Fascinating creatures, phoenixes.
They can carry immensely heavy
loads, their tears have healing
powers, and they make highly
faithful pets.

HAGRID

It wasn't Harry, Professor
Dumbledore!

DUMBLEDORE

Hagrid --

HAGRID

I was talkin' ter 'im jus' before
that kid was found.  It can't've
bin 'im!

DUMBLEDORE

Hagrid --

HAGRID

I'll swear ter it in front o' the
Ministry o' Magic --

DUMBLEDORE

HAGRID!  I do not think that Harry
has attacked anyone.

HAGRID

Oh.  Right.  I'll wait outside
then.

HARRY

You don't think it was me,
Professor?

DUMBLEDORE

No, Harry.  But I must ask you...
is there anything you'd like to
tell me.  Anything at all?

HARRY

No, Professor.  Nothing.

FRED

Make way for the Heir of
Slytherin!  Seriously evil wizard
coming through!

RON

Oh, c'mon, Harry.  Fred's just
having a laugh.

HARRY

He's the only one.

RON

Okay, so half the school thinks
you're nipping off to the Chamber
of Secrets every night.  Who
cares?

HARRY

Maybe they're right.

HERMIONE

Harry!

HARRY

I didn't know I could speak
Parseltongue.  What else don't I
know about myself?  Maybe you can
do something... even something
horrible... and not know you did
it.

HERMIONE

You don't believe that, Harry, I
know you don't.  And if it makes
you feel better, I just heard
Malfoy's staying over for holiday,
too.

RON

Why would that make anyone feel
better?

HERMIONE

Because, in a few days, the
Polyjuice Potion's will be ready.
In a few days... we may truly know
who is the Heir of Slytherin.

HERMIONE

Everything's set.  We just need a
bit of who you're changing into.

HARRY

Crabbe and Goyle.

HERMIONE

And we also need to make sure that
the real Crabbe and Goyle can't
burst in on us while we're
interrogating Malfoy.

RON

How?

HERMIONE

I've got it all worked out.  I've
filled these with a simple
Sleeping Draught.  Simple, but
powerful.

HERMIONE

You know how greedy Crabbe and
Goyle are.  They won't leave the
Christmas Feast until every last
drop of trifle is gone.
Now, once they're asleep, hide
them in a broom cupboard and pull
out a few of their hairs.

RON

And whose hair are you ripping out?

HERMIONE

I've already got mine.

HERMIONE

Millicent Bulstrode.  She's in
Slytherin.  I got this off her
robes.
All right then... I'm going to
check on the Polyjuice Potion.

HERMIONE

Remember.  Just make sure Crabbe
and Goyle find these.

RON

Have you ever heard of a plan
where so many things could go
wrong?

HERMIONE

Did you get it?

HERMIONE

I sneaked those out of the
laundry.

HERMIONE

I'm sure I've done everything
right.  It looks like the book
said it should.  Once we've drunk
it, we'll have exactly one hour
before we change back into
ourselves.

RON

Now what?

HERMIONE

We separate it into three glasses
and add the hairs.

RON

Ugh.  Essence of Crabbe...

RON

Think I'm gonna be sick...

RON

Harry?

HARRY

Ron?

RON

Bloody hell.

HARRY

We still sound like ourselves.
You need to sound more like
Crabbe.

RON

Bloody hell.

HARRY

Lower.

RON

Bloody hell.

HARRY

Less intelligent.

RON

Bloody hell.

HARRY

Excellent.

RON

Hey... Where's Hermione?

HERMIONE 

I -- I don't think I'm going.  You
go on without me.

HARRY

Hermione, are you okay?

HERMIONE 

Just go!  You're wasting time!

RON

Don't swing your arms like that.
Crabbe holds them sort of stiff.

RON

Yeah.  That's better.

RON

What are you doing here?

RON

What are you doing here?

PERCY

I happen to be a prefect.  You, on
the other hand, have no business
wandering the corridors at night.
It's not safe these days.

PERCY

What're your names again?

DRACO

Crabbe.  Goyle.  Where have you
been?  Pigging out in the Great
Hall all this time?

DRACO

And what are you doing down here,
Weasley?

PERCY

Mind your attitude, Malfoy.  You
want to show a little bit more
respect to a school Prefect!

DRACO

Come on, boys.  Weasley thinks
he's going to catch Slytherin's
hair single-handed.

DRACO

Listen to this...

DRACO

'Arthur Weasley, Head of the
Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office,
was today fined fifty Galleons for
bewitching a Muggle car.  "Weasley
has brought the Ministry into
disrepute," said Lucius Malfoy, a
governor of Hogwarts.  "He is
clearly unfit to draw up our laws
and his ridiculous Muggle
Protection Act should be scrapped
immediately."'

DRACO

Arthur Weasley loves Muggle so
much he should snap his wand in
half and go join them.  You'd
never know the Weasleys were
purebloods, the way they behave.
Embarrassment to the wizarding
world.  All of them.

DRACO

What's up with you, Crabbe?

RON

Stomachache.

DRACO

Well, go to the hospital wing
and give all those Mudbloods a kick
in the arse for me!  You know, I'm
surprised The Daily Prophet hasn't
reported all these attacks yet.  I
suppose Dumbledore's trying to hush
it all up.  He'll be sacked if it
doesnt stop soon.  Father always
said Dumbledore's the worst thing
that's ever happened to this place.

HARRY

You're wrong!

DRACO

What?  Did you say that I was
wrong?  You think there's someone
here who's worse than Dumbledore?

HARRY

Harry Potter.

DRACO

Good one, Goyle.  You're
absolutely right.  Saint Potter.
He's another one with no proper
wizard feeling, or he wouldn't go
around with that Mudblood Granger.
And people actually think he's the
Heir of Slytherin.

HARRY

Then you must have some idea who's
behind it all?

DRACO

You know I haven't, Goyle.  How
many times do I have to tell you?
But my father did say this much:
It's been fifty years since the
Chamber was opened.  He wouldn't
tell me who opened it -- only that
they were expelled -- but I know
this:  the last time the Chamber
of Secrets was opened, a Mudblood
died.
So it's only a matter of time
before one of them's killed this
time.  As for me... I hope it's
Granger.

DRACO

What's the matter with you two?
You're acting very... odd.

RON

Ho!

DRACO

Hey!  Where are you going?

RON

That was close!

HARRY

Hermione, come out.  We've got
loads to tell you!

HERMIONE

Go away!

MOANING MYRTLE

Ooh, wait till you see.  It's
awful!

HERMIONE 

Do you remember me telling you the
Polyjuice Potion was only for
human transformations...?

HERMIONE

It was cat hair I plucked off
Millicent Bulstrode's robes!  Look
at my face!

RON

Look at your tail.

HERMIONE

Oh, good.  Put those anywhere.

RON

Madam Pince asked that we relay a
message to you, Hermione:  She'd
appreciate it if you'd leave a few
books for the rest of the school.

HERMIONE

I've got to keep up, haven't I?

RON

Is that thing ever going away?

HERMIONE

Any day now, according to Madam
Pomfrey.  I'm just thankful I've
stopped coughing up fur balls.

RON

We all are, believe me.

HERMIONE

Now.  What about the Chamber of
Secrets?  Any new leads?

HARRY

Nothing.

HERMIONE

And has it gotten any better?  I
mean... is anyone speaking to you?

HARRY

Neville asked to borrow a tubeworm
in Potions yesterday.  I suppose
that's something.

RON

'To Miss Granger.  Wishing you a
speedy recovery, from your
concerned teacher Gilderoy
Lockhart.'  You sleep with this
under your pillow?

HERMIONE

Of course not.  I don't know how
that got there.  Now go.  I still
have six hundred pages to read in
Transformation Through the Ages.

RON

I know Hermione's mental, but can
you believe she falls for that
smarmy nonsense of Lockhart's?

HARRY

Looks like Myrtle's flooded the
bathroom.

RON

Yuck.

MOANING MYRTLE

Come to throw something else at
me?

HARRY

Why would I throw something at
you?

MOANING MYRTLE

Dont ask me.  Here I am, minding
my own business, and someone
thinks it's funny to throw a book
at me...

RON

But it can't hurt if someone
throws something at you.  I mean,
it'd just go right through you,
wouldn't it?

MOANING MYRTLE

Oh sure!  Let's all throw books at
Myrtle, because she can't feel it!
Ten points if you can get it
through her stomach.  Fifty points
if it goes through her head!

HARRY

Who threw it at you anyway?

MOANING MYRTLE

I don't know.  I didn't see them.
I was just sitting in the U-bend,
thinking about death and it fell
through the top of my head.

RON

Fifty points if you can get it
through her nose.

MOANING MYRTLE

I heard that!

HARRY

This is a diary.  And it's old...

RON

It's a diary, it's old... and was
most recently in a toilet, Harry.

RON

Are you mad?  That could be
cursed.  Dad once told me about a
book the Ministry confiscated that
burned the eyes out of anyone who
tried to read it.

HARRY

I'll take my chances...
Ahhh!  MY EYES!  MY EYES!

HARRY

Ginny!  I was only joking --
Brilliant.  Even your sister
thinks I'm the monster now.

RON

Who doesn't?

RON

Tin Marvolo Riddle?  Hang on.  I
know that name...
Of course!  The night I had
detention... My job was to polish
the silver in the trophy room.  I
remember because I kept burping
slugs all over Tom Riddle's
trophy.  I must have wiped slime
off his name for an hour.

HARRY

That's odd.  He never wrote in it.

HERMIONE

Tom Riddle... Hm.  And Ron said he
won an award fifty years ago?

HARRY

Special Services to the School or
something --

HERMIONE

Fifty years ago?  You're sure?

HARRY

Yes.  Why?

HERMIONE

Don't you remember what Malfoy
told you?  The last time the
Chamber of Secrets was opened
was --

HARRY

Fifty years ago!  That means --

HERMIONE

Tom Riddle was here, at Hogwarts,
when it happened.  What if he
wrote about what he saw?  It's
possible he knew where the Chamber
was, how to open it, even what
sort of creature lives in it.  If
so, whoever's behind the attacks
this time wouldn't want a diary
like this lying around, would
they?

HARRY

That's a brilliant theory,
Hermione.  With just one tiny
little flaw.  There's nothing
written in this diary.

HERMIONE

It might be invisible ink.
Aparecium!

HERMIONE

I don't know, Harry.  But I think
you should be careful with this.
Something tells me Ron might be
right.  It could be dangerous.

HARRY

You don't think I'm dangerous, do
you, Hermione?  I mean, you're not
scared.  Of me.

HERMIONE

I'm scared, Harry.  But not of
you.

HARRY

Do... you... know... anything...
about... the... Chamber... of...
Secrets?

HARRY

Can... you... tell... me?

HARRY

Excuse me.  Could you tell me
where I am?  Hello...?

VOICE 

Riddle.

TOM RIDDLE

Professor Dumbledore.

DUMBLEDORE

It's not wise to be wandering
around this late, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, Professor.  I suppose I -- I
just had to see for myself, if...

TOM RIDDLE
... the rumors were true.

DUMBLEDORE

I'm afraid they are, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

About the school as well?  They
wouldn't really close Hogwarts,
would they, Professor?

DUMBLEDORE

Headmaster Dippet may have no
choice, I'm afraid.

TOM RIDDLE

Sir?  If it all stopped.  If the
person responsible was caught...

DUMBLEDORE

Is there something you wish to
tell me, Tom?

TOM RIDDLE

No, sir.  Nothing.

DUMBLEDORE

Very well then.  Hurry along.

VOICE 

C'mon, Aragog.  Gotta get yeh
outta here... C'mon now.. in the
box...

TOM RIDDLE

Evening, Hagrid.

TOM RIDDLE

I'm going to have to turn you in,
Hagrid.  I don't think you meant
it to kill anyone --

HAGRID

No, yeh can't!  Yeh don'
understand!

TOM RIDDLE

Hagrid.  The dead girl's parents
will be here tomorrow.  The least
Hogwarts can do is make sure the
thing that killed their daughter
is slaughtered.

HAGRID

It wasn' him!  Aragog never'd kill
no one!  Never!

RIDDLE

Monsters don't make good pets,
Hagrid.  Now... stand aside...

HAGRID

Noooooo!

HARRY

Ron!  Ron!

RON

What?  What's happened...?

HARRY

It was Hagrid.  Hagrid opened the
Chamber of Secrets fifty years ago.

HERMIONE

It can't be Hagrid.  It just can't
be.

RON

We don't even know this Riddle.
He sounds like a dirty, rotten
snitch to me.

HARRY

The monster had killed someone,
Ron.  What would any of us done?

HERMIONE

Look.  Hagrid's our friend.  Why
don't we just go ask him about it?

RON

That'd be a cheerful visit.
Hullo, Hagrid.  Tell us, have you
been setting anything mad and
hairy loose in the castle lately?

HAGRID

Mad an' hairy?  Wouldn' be talkin'
'bou me, now would yeh?

HERMIONE

No!

HARRY

What's that you've got, Hagrid?

HAGRID

Flesh-Eatin' Slug Repellent.  Fer
the Mandrakes, yeh know.
Accordin' ter Professor Sprout,
they still got a bit o' growin' up
ter do, but once their acne clears
up, we'll be able to chop 'em up,
stew 'em, an' get those people in
the hospital un-Petrified.  'Til
then, you three best watch
yerselves, all righ'?

NEVILLE

Harry, I don't know who did it,
but... you'd better come.

HERMIONE

It had to be a Gryffindor.  Nobody
else knows our password.  Unless,
it wasn't a student...

RON

Well, whoever it was, they were
looking for something.

HARRY

And they found it... Tom Riddle's
diary is gone.

RON

Hey, Ginny!  Going to the match?

RON

I tell you, she gets weirder and
weirder by the day...

VOICE 

Kill this time... Let me rip...
Tear.

RON

No... don't tell me...

HERMIONE

Harry... I think I've just understood
something!  I've got to go to the
library!

HARRY

What do you understand!

HARRY

The library?

RON

That's Hermione.  When in doubt,
go to the library

WOOD

Listen up now.  We play our game,
Hufflepuff doesn't stand a chance.
We're stronger, quicker, smarter.

GEORGE

Not to mention they're dead
terrified Harry'll Petrify them if
they fly anywhere near him.

WOOD

That, too.

WOOD

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

This match has been cancelled.

WOOD

Cancelled!  They can't cancel
Quidditch --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Silence, Wood!  You will return to
Gryffindor Tower now.  Potter, you
and I will find Mr. Weasley.
There's something the both of you
need to see.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

I warn you.  This will be a bit of
a shock.

RON

Hermione!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

She was found near the library.
Along with this.  Does it mean
anything to either of you?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

All students will return to their
house common rooms by six o'clock
in the evening.  You will be
escorted to each lesson by a
teacher.  No exceptions.
I should tell you all this.
Unless the culprit behind these
attacks is caught, it is likely
that the school will be closed.

NEVILLE

Haven't any of the teachers
noticed that the Slytherins are
all safe?  Isn't it obvious all
this stuff's coming from
Slytherin?  The Heir of Slytherin,
the monster of Slytherin -- why
don't they just chuck all the
Slytherins out?

SEAMUS

They can't close Hogwarts.  Where
would we all go?

DEAN THOMAS

I don't care what anyone says.  As
long as Dumbledore's here,
Hogwarts will be here.

HARRY

We've got to talk to Hagrid, Ron.
I can't believe it's him.  But if
he did set the monster loose last
time -- even by accident -- he'll
know how to get inside the Chamber
of Secrets.  And that's a start.

RON

But you heard McGonagall.  We're
not allowed to leave the tower
except for class --

HARRY

I think it's time to get my Dad's
old Cloak out again.

HAGRID

Who's there?

HARRY

What's that for?

HAGRID

Nothin', nothin'.  I've been
expectin'... Doesn't matter.  Sit
down... I'll make tea...

HARRY

Are you okay?  Hagrid?  Did you hear about Hermione?

HAGRID

Oh, yea.  I heard, all righ'.

HARRY

Look... we have to ask you
something.  Do you know whos
opened the Chamber of Secrets?

HAGRID

C-come in.

DUMBLEDORE

Good evening, Hagrid.

RON

That's Dad's boss!  Cornelius
Fudge.  The Minister of Magic!

FUDGE

Bad business, Hagrid.  Very bad
business.  Had to come.  Four
attacks on Muggle-borns.
Things've gone far enough.
Ministry's got to act.

HAGRID

I never... You know I never,
Professor Dumbledore, sir...

DUMBLEDORE

I want it understood, Cornelius,
that Hagrid has my full
confidence.

FUDGE

Look, Albus, Hagrid's record's
against him.  I've got to take
him.

HAGRID

Take me?  Where?  Not Azkaban
prison.

FUDGE

For a short stretch only.  Not a
punishment, Hagrid.  More a
precaution.  If someone else is
caught, you'll be released with a
full apology.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Already here, Fudge?  Good,
good...

HAGRID

What're you doin' here!  Get outta
my house!

LUCIUS MALFOY

My dear man, please believe me, I
have no pleasure at all in being
inside your -- do you call this a
house?  I simply called at the
school and was told the Headmaster
was here.

DUMBLEDORE

And what exactly did you want with
me, Lucius?

LUCIUS MALFOY

Dreadful thing, Dumbledore, but
the governors feel it's time for
you to step aside.  This is an
Order of Suspension.  You'll find
all twelve signatures on it.  I'm
afraid we feel you're losing your
touch.  What with all these
attacks, there'll be no Muggle-
borns left at Hogwarts.  And we
all know what an awful loss that
would be.

FUDGE

Now, see here, Lucius.  Dumbledore
suspended.  No, no... last thing
we want right now... If Dumbledore
can't stop these attacks... I mean
to say, who can?

LUCIUS MALFOY

That remains to be seen, but as
all twelve governors have voted --

HAGRID

An' how many did yeh have ter
threaten before they agreed!

LUCIUS MALFOY

I would advise you not to shout at the Azkaban guards like that.

HAGRID

Yeh can take Dumbledore!  Take him
away an' the Muggle-borns won'
stand a chance!  There'll be
killin's next!

DUMBLEDORE

Calm yourself, Hagrid!
If the governors want my removal,
Lucius, I shall of course step
aside.  However... you will find
that I will only truly have left
this school when none here are
loyal to me.  You will also find
that help will always be given at
Hogwarts to those who... ask for
it.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Admirable sentiments.  We shall
all miss your highly individual
way of running things, Albus, and
only hope your successor will
manage to prevent any more, um,
killin's.

HAGRID

If anyone wanted ter find out some
stuff, all they'd have ter do is follow the spiders.  That'd lead
'em right!  Tha's all I'm sayin'.

RON

Hagrid's right.  With Dumbledore
gone, there'll be an attack a day.

HARRY

Look...
C'mon.

RON

What are you doing?

HARRY

You heard Hagrid.  Follow the
spiders.

RON

They're heading into the Dark
Forest.

RON

Why spiders.  Why couldn't it be
'Follow the butterflies'?

HARRY

There's something moving over
there... something big.

RON

Harry!... Harry, it's our car!

HARRY

It's been here all the time!  Look
at it.  The Forest has turned it
wild.

HARRY

C'mon, we don't want to lose the
trail.

RON

I don't have a good feeling about
this, Harry --

HARRY

Don't panic.

ARAGOG

You do not come from the forest.
Your hearts beat like... men.

HARRY

Yes.  We're friends of Hagrid's.
And you... you're...
... Aragog, aren't you?

ARAGOG

Hagrid has never sent men into our
hollow before.

HARRY

He's in trouble.  Up at school,
there've been attacks.  They think
it's Hagrid.  They think he's
opened the Chamber of Secrets.
Like before.

ARAGOG

That's a lie!  Hagrid never opend
the Chamber of Secrets!

HARRY

But if Hagrid never... that
means... you're not the monster.

ARAGOG

The monster was born in the
castle.  I came from a distant
land, in the pocket of a traveler.

RON

Harry...

HARRY

Shhh!
But if you're not the monster,
what did kill that girl fifty
years ago?

ARAGOG

We do not speak of it!  It is an
ancient creature we spiders fear
above all others.

HARRY

But have you seen it?

ARAGOG

I never saw any part of the castle
but the cupboard in which Hagrid
kept me.  The girl was discovered
in a bathroom.  When I was
accused, Hagrid brought me here.

HARRY

What!

HARRY

Well... thank you.  We'll just
go...

ARAGOG

Go?  I think not.  My sons and
daughters do not harm Hagrid, on
my command.  But I cannot deny
them fresh meat when it wanders so
willingly into our midst.
Goodbye, friend of Hagrid.

RON

Can we panic now?

RON

Nice knowing you.

HARRY

Let's go!

HARRY

The windows! Roll up the windows!

RON

I can't!  It's stuck!

RON

Thanks for that.

HARRY

Don't mention it.

HARRY

That way!  It's the only way out!
Hurry!  They're catching up!

HARRY

Can you get us in the air?

RON

Flying gear's jammed!

RON

'Follow the spiders'!  Follow the
spiders'!  If he ever gets out of
Azkaban, I'll kill Hagrid.  I
mean, what was the point of
sending us in there?  What have we
found out?

HARRY

We know one thing.  Hagrid never
opened the Chamber of Secrets.  He
was innocent.

MADAM POMFREY

There's no point in talking to a
petrified person.  She won't hear
a word you're saying.

RON

We know that, Madam Pomfrey.  It's
just, well, you see, we thought,
maybe, we could... be with her for
a bit.  She's our... friend, you
see, and... even if she can't hear
us... I mean, it can't hurt, can
it?

MADAM POMFREY

Very well then.  But be quick
about it.

RON

You don't think Lockhart could be
the heir of Slytherin, do you?
Right.  Forget I said it.

HARRY

Wish you were here, Hermione.  We
need you.  Now more than ever...

HARRY

'Of the many fearsome beasts that
roam our land, none is more deadly
than the Basilisk.  Capable of
living for hundreds of years,
instant death awaits any who meet
this giant serpent's eye.  Spiders
flee before it and only the
crowing of the rooster can kill
it.'
Ron!  This is it!  The monster in
the Chamber of Secrets is a
Basilisk.  That's why I can hear
it speak.  It's a snake.

RON

But it kills by looking people in
the eye.  Why is it no one's dead?

HARRY

Because no one did look it in the
eye.  Not directly at least...
Colin saw it through his camera.
Justin -- Justin must've seen the
Basilisk through Nearly Headless
Nick!  Nick got the full blast of
it, but he's a ghost -- he
couldn't die again...
... And Hermione... had the
mirror!  I bet you anything she
was using it to look round
corners, in case it came along.

RON

And Mrs. Norris?  I'm pretty sure
she didn't have a camera or a
mirror, Harry.

HARRY

The water... there was water on
the floor that night.  She only
saw the Basilisk's reflection...
The crowing of the rooster is
fatal to it!  That's why Hagrid's
roosters were killed!  Spiders
flee before it!  It all fits!

RON

But how's the Basilisk been
getting around?  A dirty great
snake.  Someone would have seen...

HARRY

Hermione answered that too.

RON

Pipes...?  It's using the
plumbing.

HARRY

Remember what Aragog said?  About
that girl fifty years ago?  She
died in a bathroom.  What if she
never left.

RON

Moaning Myrtle!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL 

All students are to return to
their house dormitories at once.
All teachers to the second floor
corridor.  Immediately.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

As you can see, the Heir of
Slytherin has left another
message.  Our worst fear has been
realized.  A student has been
taken by the monster.  Into the
Chamber itself.
I'm afraid we shall have to send
the students home.  I'm afraid...
this is the end of Hogwarts.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

So sorry.  Dozed off.  What have I
missed?

SNAPE

Just the man.  A girl has been
snatched by the monster, Lockhart.
Your moment has come at last.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

My m-moment?

SNAPE

Weren't you saying just last night
that you've known all along where
the entrance to the Chamber of
Secrets is?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

D-did I?  I don't recall...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

That settles it.  We'll leave it
to you to deal with the monster,
Gilderoy.  Your skills, after all,
are legend.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

V-very well.  I'll -- I'll be in
my office, getting -- getting
ready.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

The rest of us should go and
inform the students what has
happened.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Who is it the monster's taken,
Minerva?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Ginny Weasley.

RON

She knew something, Harry.  She'd
found out something about the
Chamber of Secrets.  That's why
she was taken.  I mean, she was --
is -- a pure-blood.  There can't
be any other reason.

HARRY

C'mon.  Let's go see Lockhart.  He
may be a brainless git, but he's
going to try and get into the
Chamber.  We can tell him what we
know...

RON

Harry.  D'you think there's any
chance at all she's not, you
know --

HARRY

We'll find her, Ron.  Ginny's
going to be fine.

HARRY

Professor, we've got some
information for you --

HARRY

Are you going somewhere?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Um, well, yes.  Urgent call.
Unavoidable.  Got to go...

RON

What about my sister?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Well, as to that -- most
unfortunate.  No one regrets more
than I --

RON

You're the Defense Against the
Dark Arts teacher!  You can't go
now!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I must say, when I took the job,
nothing in the job description --

HARRY

You're running away?  After all
that stuff you did in your books?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Books can be misleading.

HARRY

You wrote them!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

My dear boy, do use your common
sense.  My books wouldn't have
sold half as well if people didn't
think I'd done all those things.
No one wants to read about some
ugly old Armenian warlock, even if
he did save a village from
werewolves.  He'd look dreadful on
the front cover.  No dress sense
at all...

HARRY

You're a fraud!  You've just been
taking credit for what a load of
other wizards have done!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Harry, Harry, Harry.  There was
work involved.  I had to track
these people down and ask them
exactly how they managed to do
what they did.  No, it's not all
book signings and publicity
photos.  You want fame, you have
to be prepared for a long, hard
slog.

RON

Is there anything you can do?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Yes, now that you mention it.  I'm
rather gifted with Memory Charms.
Otherwise, you see, all those
wizards would've gone blabbing and
I'd never have sold another book.
I'm afraid I'll have to do the
same to you both, lest you do the
same.

HARRY

Expelliarmus!

HARRY

Looks like those Dueling Lessons
came in handy after all,
Professor.

MOANING MYRTLE

Who's there?  Oh...
Hello, Harry.  What do you want?

HARRY

To ask you how you died.

MOANING MYRTLE

Oooooh, it was dreadful.  It
happened right here.  In this very
cubicle.  I'd hidden because Olive
Hornby was teasing me about my
glasses.  I was crying, and then I
heard somebody come in.

HARRY

Who was it, Myrtle?

MOANING MYRTLE

I don't know!  I was distraught!
But they said something funny.  A
kind of made-up language.  And I
realized it was a boy speaking.
So I unlocked the door, to tell
him to go away, and... I died.

HARRY

Just like that?  How?

MOANING MYRTLE

No idea.  I just remember seeing a
pair of great big yellow eyes.
Over there...

HARRY

This is it, Ron.  This is the
entrance to the Chamber of
Secrets.

RON

Say something, Harry.  Say
something in Parseltongue.

HARRY

Open up.

RON

English.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Excellent, Harry.  Good work.
Well then.  I'll just be going.
There's no need for me...

HARRY

Oh, yes there is.  You first.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Now, boys.  What good will it do?

RON

A bloody lot of good if it's a
two-hundred-foot drop onto jagged
rocks.

GILDEROY LOCKHART 

It's really quite filthy down
here.

HARRY

All right.  Let's go.

MOANING MYRTLE

Oh, Harry... if you die down
there, you're welcome to share my
toilet.

HARRY

Thanks, Myrtle.

HARRY

Lumos!

HARRY

Remember.  Any sign of movement,
close your eyes straight away.

RON

What's that?  Up ahead?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

That looks like a... snake.

HARRY

Maybe it's asleep.

RON

Bloody hell.  Whatever shed this
must be twenty feet long.  Or
more.

RON

Heart of a lion, this one.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

The adventure ends here, boys!
But don't fret.  The world will
know our story.  How I was too
late to save the girl.  How you
two tragically lost your minds at
the sight of her mangled body.
I'll even bind a limited edition
in this snake skin.  Say goodbye
to your memories.
Obliviate!

HARRY

Ron?  Are you okay?

RON

I'm okay.  This git's not, though.
He got blasted by my wand.

RON

What now?

HARRY

Wait here.  I'll go on.  I'll go
on and... find Ginny.  If I'm not
back in an hour...

RON

I'll try and shift some of this
rock.  So you can get back
through.  And, Harry --

HARRY

See you in a bit.

HARRY

Open.

HARRY

Ginny!  Please don't be dead.
Ginny!  Wake up!  Wake up!

TOM RIDDLE

She won't wake.

HARRY

Tom... Tom Riddle?  What d'you
mean, she won't wake?  She's
not...

TOM RIDDLE

She's still alive.  But only just.

HARRY

Are you a ghost?

TOM RIDDLE

A memory.  Preserved in a diary
for fifty years.

HARRY

She's cold as ice.  You've got
to help me, Tom.  There's a
basilisk --

TOM RIDDLE

It won't come until it's called.

HARRY

Give me my wand, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

You won't be needing it.

HARRY

Listen, we've got to go!  We've
got to save her!

TOM RIDDLE

I'm afraid I can't do that, Harry.
You see, as poor Ginny grows
weaker... I grow stronger.

HARRY

But she's dying!

TOM RIDDLE

Yes.  I'm afraid so.  But then,
she's been in so much pain, poor
Ginny.  She's been writing to me
for months, telling me all her
pitiful worries and woes.  Ginny
poured her soul out to me.  I grew
stronger on a diet of her deepest
fears, her darkest secrets.  I
grew powerful enough to start
feeding Ginny a few secrets, to
start pouring a bit of my soul
back into her...

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, Harry, it was Ginny Weasley
who opened the Chamber of Secrets.

HARRY

No... she couldn't -- she
wouldn't.

TOM RIDDLE

It was Ginny who set the Basilisk
on the Mudbloods and the Squib's
cat.  Ginny who wrote threatening
messages on the walls.

HARRY

But... Why?...

TOM RIDDLE

Because I told her to.  You'll
find that I can be very
persuasive.  Not that she knew
what she was doing.  She was,
shall we say, in a kind of trance.
Still, the power of the diary
began to scare her and she tried
to dispose of it in the girls'
bathroom.  But then, who should
find it... but you.  The very
person I was most anxious to meet.

HARRY

And why did you want to meet me?

TOM RIDDLE

Ginny told me all about you.  I
knew I had to talk to you, meet
you if I could.  So I decided to
show you my capture of that
brainless oaf, Hagrid, to gain
your trust.

HARRY

Hagrid's my friend.  And you
framed him, didn't you?

TOM RIDDLE

It was my word against Hagrid's.
Only Dumbledore seemed to think
Hagrid was innocent.

HARRY

I'll bet Dumbledore saw right
through you.

TOM RIDDLE

I knew it wouldn't be safe to open
the Chamber again while I was
still at school.  So I decided to
leave behind a diary, preserving
my sixteen-year-old self in its
pages, so that one day... I would
be able to lead another to finish
Salazar Slytherin's noble work.

HARRY

Well, you haven't finished it this
time.  In a few hours Mandrake
Draught will be ready and everyone
who was petrified will be all
right again.

TOM RIDDLE

Haven't I told you, that killing
Mudbloods doesn't matter to me
anymore?  For many months now, my
new target has been... you.
Imagine my disappointment when I
learned Ginny had stolen the diary
back from you.

HARRY

Ginny stole the diary from my
room?  But why?

TOM RIDDLE

She was afraid.  Afraid you'd
learn how to work the diary.
Afraid I'd tell you just who it
was that had been strangling all
those roosters.

TOM RIDDLE

Come now, Harry.  Don't look so
disappointed.  Had Ginny succeeded
in destroying the diary, she would
have destroyed me.  And we
couldn't be having this little
talk.  And I have so many
questions for you.

HARRY

Like what?

TOM RIDDLE

Well, how is it that a baby with
no extraordinary magical talent
managed to defeat the greatest
wizard of all time?  How did you
escape with nothing but a scar,
while Lord Voldemort's powers were
destroyed?

HARRY

Why do you care how I escaped?
Voldemort was after your time.

TOM RIDDLE

Voldemort is my past, present and
future.

HARRY

You.  You're the heir of
Slytherin.  You're Voldemort?

TOM RIDDLE

Surely you didn't think I would
keep my filthy Muggle father's
name? No, I fashioned myself a new name,
a name I knew wizards everywhere
would one day fear to speak, when
I became the greatest sorcerer in
the world.

HARRY

Albus Dumbledore is the greatest
sorcerer in the world!

TOM RIDDLE

Dumbledore's been driven out of
this castle by the mere memory of
me.

HARRY

He'll never be gone!  Not as long
as those who remain are loyal to
him!

HARRY

Fawkes.

TOM RIDDLE

This is what Dumbledore sends his
defender!  A songbird and an old
hat!

TOM RIDDLE

Speak to me, Slytherin.

TOM RIDDLE

Let's match the powers of Lord
Voldemort, Heir of Salazar
Slytherin, against the famous
Harry Potter, shall we?

TOM RIDDLE

Kill him!

TOM RIDDLE

Parseltongue won't save you now,
Potter.  The Basilisk only obeys me.

HARRY

Don't look.  Don't look into its eyes.

TOM RIDDLE

Fool!  Think you're safe!  It can
still hear you!

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, Potter.  The process is
nearly complete.  In a few
minutes, Ginny Weasley will be
dead.  And I will cease to be a
memory.  Lord Voldemort will
return.  Very much... alive.

TOM RIDDLE

Remarkable, isn't it?  How quickly
the venom of the Basilisk
penetrates the body?  If you have
any final words, Potter, you'd
best speak them now.  I'd guess
you have little more than a minute
to live.

TOM RIDDLE

So ends the famous Harry Potter.
On his knees in the Chamber of
Secrets.  Defeated at last by the
Dark Lord he so unwisely
challenged.  You'll be back with
your dear Mudblood mother soon,
Harry...

TOM RIDDLE

Funny, isn't it?  The damage a
silly little book can do?
Especially in the hands of a silly
little girl.

TOM RIDDLE

What are you doing?  No.  Stop...

TOM RIDDLE

No!

GINNY

Harry.  It was me!  But I swear, I
didn't mean to... Riddle made me.
He wrote to me... took me over...
I didn't even know whose diary it
was.  I found it inside my
cauldron.  The day we all went to
Diagon Alley and... Harry.  You're
hurt...

HARRY

Ginny.  You need to get yourself
out... Follow the chamber...
You'll find Ron...

HARRY

You were brilliant, Fawkes.  I just... wasn't quick enough.

HARRY

Of course.  Dumbledore told me.
Phoenix tears have healing powers.
It's all right, Ginny.  It's over.
It's just a memory...

RON

Ginny!

RON

You're alive.  I can't believe it.

GINNY

I'm going to be expelled, I just
know it!

RON

Remind you of anyone?

HARRY

Where's Lockhart?

RON

His Memory Charm backfired.
Hasn't got a clue who he is.  I
keep having to stop him wandering
off.  He's a danger to himself.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Hello.  Odd sort of place, this,
isn't it?  Do you live here?

RON

No.

RON

What's with the bird?

HARRY

I think... I think he's telling me
he can take us out of here.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Amazing!  This is just like magic!

DUMBLEDORE

Ingenious.  Simply... ingenious.
Of course, Tom Riddle was probably
the most brilliant student
Hogwarts has ever seen.  I taught
him myself fifty years ago.  After
he left, I would occasionally hear
stories of his activities -- dark
rumors -- but after awhile, even
the rumors stopped.  When he
finally resurfaced as Lord
Voldemort, most people had
completely forgotten the clever
Head Boy he'd once been.

GINNY

I didn't know whose diary it was,
sir.  I swear.  I found it inside
my cauldron.
The day we all went to Diagon
Alley.

GINNY

But I understand if... given all
the trouble I've caused... if
you!--

DUMBLEDORE

Wiser wizards than you have been
hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort, Miss
Weasley.  No, I think you've
endured enough.  I would suggest a
bit of bed rest, however.  And
perhaps a large mug of hot
chocolate.  I always find that
cheers me up.  Minerva, will you
show Arthur and Molly up to the
hospital wing?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Certainly, Albus.

MRS. WEASLEY

A diary that writes back to you!
Honestly, Ginny!  What were you
thinking?  Haven't I always told
you?  Never trust anything that
can think for itself if you can't
see where it keeps its brain!

DUMBLEDORE

You two realize, of course, that
in the last few hours, you have
broken perhaps a dozen school
rules?

HARRY

Yes, sir.

RON

Yes, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

And that there is sufficient
evidence to expel you both?

HARRY

Yes, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Therefore, it seems only
fitting...
That you both receive Special
Awards for Services to the School.
And -- let me see -- yes, I think
two hundred points apiece, which,
I believe, should be more than
enough to secure Gryffindor the
House Cup.

RON

Thank you, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Now, Mr. Weasley, if you would,
have an owl deliver these release
papers to Azkaban.  We need our
gamekeeper back.

DUMBLEDORE

First, Harry, I want to thank you.
You must have shown me real
loyalty down in the Chamber.
Nothing but that could have called
Fawkes to you.  Secondly, I sense
you're troubled by something.  Am
I right?

HARRY

It's just, you see, sir, I
couldn't help noticing certain
things.  Certain similarities.
Between Tom Riddle and me.

DUMBLEDORE

You can speak Parseltongue, Harry,
because Lord Voldemort can speak
Parseltongue.  Unless I'm much
mistaken, he transformed some of
his own powers to you the night he
gave you that scar.

HARRY

Voldemort put a bit of himself in
me?

DUMBLEDORE

Not intentionally, but... yes.

HARRY

So the Sorting Hat was right.  I
should be a Slytherin.

DUMBLEDORE

It's true, Harry.  You do possess
many of the qualities Voldemort
himself prizes.  Resourcefulness.
Determination.  A certain
disregard for the rules.  Yet the
Sorting Hat placed you in
Gryffindor.

HARRY

Only because I asked it to.

DUMBLEDORE

Exactly.  Which makes you very
different from Voldemort.  It's
not our abilities that show what
we truly are, Harry.  It's our
choices.
If you want proof that you belong
in Gryffindor, Harry, I suggest
you look more closely at this.

HARRY

'Godric Gryffindor.'

DUMBLEDORE

Only a true Gryffindor could have
pulled that out of the Hat.

HARRY

Dobby!  This is your Master?  The
family you serve is the Malfoys!

LUCIUS MALFOY

Out of my way, Potter.
So!  You've returned!

DUMBLEDORE

Yes.  When the governors heard
that Arthur Weasley's daughter had
been taken into the Chamber, they
saw fit to summon me back.
Curiously, several of them seemed
under the impression that you
would curse their families if they
didn't agree to suspend me in the
first place, Lucius.

LUCIUS MALFOY

From the beginning, my only
concern has been the welfare of
this school and its students.
I assume the culprit has been
identified.

DUMBLEDORE

Oh yes.  It was Voldemort.  Only
this time, he chose to act through
someone else.  By means of...
this.

DUMBLEDORE

Fortunately, our young Mr. Potter
discovered it.
One only hopes that no more of
Lord Voldemort's old school things
find their way into innocent
hands.  The consequences for the
one responsible could be...
severe.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Come, Dobby.  We're leaving.

HARRY

Sir?  I wonder if I could have
that.

HARRY

Mr. Malfoy!  I have something of
yours.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Mine?  I don't know what you're
talking about.

HARRY

I think you do, sir.  I think you
slipped it into Ginny Weasley's
cauldron that day in Diagon Alley.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Prove it!

LUCIOUS MALFOY

Dobby, come!  Dobby!

DOBBY

Master has given Dobby a sock.
Master has presented Dobby with
clothes.  Dobby is... free!

LUCIUS MALFOY

What?  I didn't --

LUCIUS MALFOY

You've lost me my servant!

DOBBY

You shall not harm Harry Potter!

LUCIUS MALFOY

Mark my words, Harry Potter.
You'll meet the same sticky end as
your parents one of these days.
They were meddlesome fools too.

DOBBY

Harry Potter freed Dobby!  How can
Dobby ever repay him?

HARRY

Just promise me something.

DOBBY

Anything, sir.

HARRY

Never try to save my life again.

HERMIONE

You solved it!  You solved it!

HARRY

With loads of help from you.

RON

Welcome back, Hermione.

DUMBLEDORE

Before we begin our feast, let's
give a round of applause to
Professor Sprout and Madame
Pomfrey, whose Mandrake Juice has
been successfully administered to
all those who had been petrified.

DUMBLEDORE

Also, in the wake of recent
events, as a school treat, all
exams have been cancelled.

HERMIONE

Oh, no!

HAGRID

Sorry I'm late.  The owl deliverin'
my release papers got all lost 'n
confused.  Some ruddy bird named
Errol.

HAGRID

I jus' want to say... that if it
wasn't fer' you, Harry... you an'
Ron... and Hermione... Well, I
jus' want to say... Thanks.

HARRY

There's no Hogwarts without you,
Hagrid.


HARRY

Lumos Maxima...

HARRY

Lumos Maxima...

HARRY

Lumos... MAXIMA!

AUNT PETUNIA

Harry!  Harry!

AUNT PETUNIA

Well, go on.  Open it.

AUNT PETUNIA

Marge!  Welcome!  How was the
train?

AUNT MARGE

Wretched.  Ripper got sick.

AUNT PETUNIA

Ah.  How... unfortunate.

AUNT MARGE

I would've left him with the
others, but he pines so when I'm
away.  Don't you, darling?

HARRY

Uncle Vernon.  I need you to sign
this form.

UNCLE VERNON

What is it?

HARRY

Nothing.  Something for school...

UNCLE VERNON

Later perhaps.  If you behave.

HARRY

I will if she does.

AUNT MARGE

So.  Still here, are you?

HARRY

Yes.

AUNT MARGE

Dont say 'yes' in that ungrateful
tone.  Damn good of my brother to
keep you, if you ask me.
It'd have been straight to an
orphanage if he'd been dumped on
my doorstep.

AUNT MARGE

Is that my Dudders!  Hm?  Is that
my neffy poo?  Come and say hello
to your Auntie Marge.

UNCLE VERNON

Can I tempt you, Marge?

AUNT MARGE

Just a small one.  A bit more... a
bit more... That's the boy.
Aah.  Excellent nosh, Petunia.
It's normally just a fry-up for
me, what with twelve dogs.

AUNT MARGE

What are you smirking at!  Where
is it that you send him, Vernon?

UNCLE VERNON

St. Brutus's.  It's a first-rate
institution for hopeless cases.

AUNT MARGE

I see.  And do they use the cane
at St. Brutus's, boy?

HARRY

Oh, yes.  I've been beaten loads
of times.

AUNT MARGE

Excellent.  I won't have this
namby-pamby wishy-washy nonsense
about not hitting people who
deserve it.
Still.  Mustn't blame yourself for
how this one's turned out, Vernon.
It all comes down to blood.  Bad
blood will out.  What is it the
boy's father did, Petunia?

AUNT PETUNIA

Nothing.  That is... he didn't
work.  He was -- unemployed.

AUNT MARGE

Of course.  And a drunk,
I expect --

HARRY

That's a lie.

AUNT MARGE

What did you say?

HARRY

My dad wasn't a drunk.

AUNT PETUNIA

Oh my goodness!  Marge!

AUNT MARGE

Not to worry, Petunia.  I have a
very firm grip.

UNCLE VERNON

You go to bed.  Now.

AUNT MARGE

Quiet, Vernon.  It doesn't matter
about the father.  In the end it
comes down to the mother.  You see
it all the time with dogs.  If
there's something wrong with the
bitch, there'll be something wrong
with the pup...

HARRY

Shut up!  Shut up!

UNCLE VERNON

Marge!

UNCLE VERNON

Don't worry!  I've got you...

AUNT MARGE

Vernon.  Don't you dare --

UNCLE VERNON

You bring her back!  You bring her
back and put her right!

HARRY

No!  She deserved what she got!
And you... you keep away from me.

UNCLE VERNON

You're not allowed to do magic out
of school.  They won't have you
now.  You've got nowhere to go.

HARRY

Anywhere's better than here.

HARRY

Aaaah!

STAN SHUNPIKE

Welcome to the Knight Bus.
Emergency transport for the
stranded witch or wizard.  My name
is Stan Shunpike, and I will be
your conductor this evening.

Wha' choo doin' down there?

HARRY

Fell over.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Wha' choo fall over for?

HARRY

I didn't do it on purpose.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Well, come on then.  Let's not
wait for the grass to grow.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Take 'er away, Ern.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Wot you say your name was again?

HARRY

I didn't.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Whereabouts you headin'?

HARRY

The Leaky Cauldron.  That's in
London --

STAN SHUNPIKE

Is it now?  Get that, Ern?  The
Leaky Cauldron.  That's in London.

HARRY

Isn't this a bit... dangerous?

STAN SHUNPIKE

Naah.  Haven't had an accident
in-- what? -- a week is it, Ern?

HARRY

Who is that?  That man.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Who is that?  That's Sirius Black,
that is.  Don' tell me you ne'er
been hearin' o' Sirius Black?

STAN SHUNPIKE

A murderer, he is.  Got 'imself
locked up in Azkaban for it.

HARRY

How'd he escape?

STAN SHUNPIKE

Tha's the question, isn't it?
He's the firs' that's done it.
Gives me the collywobbles thinking
he's out there, though, I'll tell
you that.  Big supporter of You-
Know-'Oo, Black was.  Reckon you
heard o' him.

HARRY

Yeah.  Him I've heard of.

HARRY

This bus.  Don't the Muggles ever...

STAN SHUNPIKE

Them!  Don' listen properly, do
they?  Don' look properly either.
Never notice nuffink, they don'.

TOM

Mr. Potter... at last.

HARRY

Hedwig!

TOM

Right smart bird you've got there,
Mr. Potter.  Arrived only minutes
before yourself.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

I should tell you, Mr. Potter,
earlier this evening your uncle's
sister was located just south of
Sheffield, circling a chimney
stack.  The Accidental Magic
Reversal Department was dispatched
and she's been properly punctured
and
her memory modified.  She has no
recollection of the incident
whatsoever.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

So that's that, and no harm done.
Pea soup?

HARRY

No thank you.  Minister... I don't
understand.  I broke the law.
Underage wizards aren't allowed to
use magic at home --

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Oh, come now, Harry.  The Ministry
doesn't send people to Azkaban for
blowing up their aunts!  On the
other hand... running away like
that... given the state of
things... very, very
irresponsible.

HARRY

'The state of things' sir?

CORNELIUS FUDGE

We have a killer on the loose.

HARRY

Sirius Black, you mean.  But...
what's that got to do with me?

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Hm?  Oh, nothing.  You're safe,
that's what matters.  Tomorrow
you'll be on your way to Hogwarts.
These are your new schoolbooks.
I took the liberty of having them
brought here for you.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

By the way, Harry.  Whilst you're
here it would be best if you
didn't... wander.

YOUNG WITCH

Housekeeping.

YOUNG WITCH

I'll come back later.

RON

I'm warning you, Hermione!  Keep
that bloody beast of yours away
from Scabbers or I'll turn it into
a tea cozy.

HERMIONE

He's a cat, Ronald!  What do you
expect?  It's in his nature.

RON

A cat!  Is that what they told
you?  Looks more like a pig with
hair if you ask me.

HERMIONE

That's rich coming from the owner
of that smelly old shoe brush.

It's all right, Crookshanks.  You
just ignore the mean little boy...

HERMIONE

Harry.

RON

Harry.

HARRY

Egypt!  What's it like?

RON

Brilliant.  It's got loads of old
stuff.  Mummies.  Death masks.
Tombs --

HERMIONE

You know, the ancient Egyptians of
the Nile River delta worshipped
the cat goddess Bast.

RON

I also got a new wand.

GEORGE

Not flashing that clipping about
again, are you, Ron?

RON

I haven't shown anyone!

FRED

No, not a soul.  Unless you count
Tom.  The day maid.  The night
maid.  The cook.  The bloke that
came to fix the toilet.  That
wizard from Belgium...

MRS. WEASLEY

It's good to see you, Harry.

HARRY

Good to see you too, Mrs. Weasley.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Harry.  I wonder if I might have a
word.

HARRY

Of course, Mr. Weasley.

FRED

George's nose looks positively
massive in that photograph.

GINNY

That's your nose, Fred.

FRED

Bloody hell.  'Tis, isn't it?
Take after your side of the
family, don't I, Mum?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Harry.  There are some within the
Ministry who would strongly
discourage me from divulging what
I'm about to tell you.  But I
think you need to know the facts.
Because you're in danger.  Grave
danger.

HARRY

Has this anything to do with him,
sir?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

What do you know of Sirius Black,
Harry?

HARRY

That he escaped from Azkaban.
That he killed someone...

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Harry, thirteen years ago, when
you stopped...

HARRY

Voldemort...?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Black lost everything.  But he
remains a loyal servant to this
day.  In his mind, only you stand
in the way of...

HARRY

Voldemort...?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Harry, I hate it when you say --

HARRY

I know, sorry.  Ron hates it too.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

In Black's mind, only you stand in
the way of... You-Know-Who
returning to power.  That's why
he's broken.  That's why he's
broken out of Azkaban.  To find
you.  And...

HARRY

Kill me?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Harry.  I want you to swear
that-- whatever you might hear--
you won't go looking for Black.

HARRY

Mr. Weasley, why would I go looking
for someone who wants to kill me?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Just watch yourself, will you,
Harry?

MRS. WEASLEY

Ron!

HARRY

I didn't mean to blow her up.  I
just... lost control.

RON

Brilliant!

HERMIONE

Honestly, Ron, it's not funny.
Harry's lucky he wasn't expelled.

RON

I still think it was brilliant.

NEVILLE

Hi, Harry.  Ron.  Hermione.

HARRY

Hi, Neville.

HERMIONE

Hi, Neville.

RON

Hi, Neville.

HERMIONE
C'mon.  We're in here.

RON

Who d'you reckon he is?

HERMIONE

Professor R.J. Lupin.

RON

You know everything.  How is it
she knows everything?

HERMIONE

It's on his case.

HARRY

Is he really asleep?

HERMIONE

Seems to be.  Why?  What is it,
Harry?

HARRY

Close the door.

RON

Let me get this straight.  Sirius
Black escaped from Azkaban to come
after you?

HARRY

Yes.

HERMIONE

But they'll catch Black, won't
they?  I mean... eventually?

RON

Sure -- Of course, no one's ever
broken out of Azkaban before and
he's a raving, murderous
lunatic...

HERMIONE

Why're we stopping?  We can't be
there yet...

RON

What's going on?

HARRY

Dunno... Maybe we've broken down?

HERMIONE

Ouch!  Ron, that was my foot!

RON

There's something moving out
there.  I think... people are
coming aboard.

RON

Bloody hell.  What's happening?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Don't.  Move.

HERMIONE

Harry?  Harry, are you all right?

HARRY

Thanks.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Chocolate.  Eat.  It'll help.

HARRY

What was that -- that thing?

HARRY

What happened to me?

RON

Well, you sort of went... rigid.
We thought maybe you were having a
fit or something.

HARRY

And did either of you?  You
know... pass out?

RON

No.  I felt... weird.  Like I'd
never be cheerful again.  But...
no.

HARRY

But someone was screaming.  A woman.

HERMIONE

No one was screaming, Harry.

DUMBLEDORE

Welcome!  Welcome to another year
at Hogwarts!  I have a few things
to say, before we become befuddled
by our excellent feast.  I myself
am particularly looking forward to
the flaming kiwi cups, which,
while somewhat treacherous for
those of us with facial hair...

DUMBLEDORE

Mm.  Yes.  First, I'm pleased to
welcome Professor R.J. Lupin, who
has kindly consented to fill the
post of Defense Against the Dark
Arts.  Good luck to you,
Professor.

HERMIONE

Of course!  That's why he knew to
give you the chocolate, Harry.

DUMBLEDORE

As some of you may know, Professor
Kettleburn, our Care of Magical
Creatures teacher for many years,
has decided to retire in order to
spend more time with his remaining
limbs.  Fortunately, I'm delighted
to announce that his place will be
filled by none other than our own
Rubeus Hagrid!

DUMBLEDORE

Finally, on a more disquieting
note, Hogwarts -- at the request
of the Ministry of Magic -- will,
until further notice, play host to
the Dementors of Azkaban.

DUMBLEDORE

The Dementors will be stationed at
the entrances to the grounds.  While
they are under strict orders not to
enter the castle itself, you will on
occasion see them as you go about
your daily activities.  Under no
circumstances are you to approach
them.  It is not in the nature of
a Dementor to be forgiving.

HARRY

Fortuna Major.

RON

Good to be home, eh, Harry?

HARRY

Yeah...

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Welcome, my children.  In this
room, you shall explore the
mysterious art of Divination.  In
this room, you shall discover if
you possess...

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

... the Sight.  Hello.  I am
Professor Trelawney.  Together, we
shall cast ourselves into the
future.  But know this.  One
either has the Gift or not.  It
cannot be divined from the pages
of a book.  Books only cloud one's
Inner Eye.

HERMIONE

What rubbish.

RON

Where'd you come from?

HERMIONE

Me?  I've been here all along.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

You, boy!  Is your grandmother
well?

NEVILLE

I... I think so.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

I wouldn't be so sure of that.
The first term will be devoted to
the reading of tea leaves.  If all
goes well, we will proceed to
palmistry, fire omens, and
finally... the crystal ball.
By the way, dear, beware a red-
haired man.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Unfortunately, classes will be
disrupted in February by a nasty
bout of flu.  I myself will lose
my voice.  And in late spring, one
of our number will... leave us
forever.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Well then.  Shall we?

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Broaden your minds, my dears.  And
allow your eyes to see... beyond.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

A five-leaf clover... You can
expect to wake with a horrible
rash tomorrow morning, dear.
Mr. Longbottom, after you've
broken your first cup...

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

... would you be so kind as to
select one of the blue ones?  I'm
rather partial to the pink.
What do you see in Mr. Potter's
cup, Mr. Weasley?

RON

Well.  He's got a wonky sort of
cross -- that's trials and
suffering.  But this lot here
could be the sun -- that's great
happiness.  So... he's going to
suffer but be very happy about it.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Ahhh!

PARVATI

What is it, Professor?

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

My dear boy... You have the Grim.

SEAMUS

The Grin?  What's the Grin?

PARVATI

Not the grin, you idiot.  The Grim.

DEAN THOMAS

But what does it mean, Professor?

LAVENDER

'The Grim...'

LAVENDER

'Taking the form of a giant
spectral dog, it is among the
darkest omens in our world.  It is
an omen... of death.'

HERMIONE

Death omens.  Honestly.  If you
ask me, Divination's a very wooly
discipline.  Now Ancient Runes.
That's a fascinating subject.

RON

Ancient Runes?  Exactly how many
classes are you taking this term?

HERMIONE

A fair few.

RON

Hang on.  Ancient Runes is the
same time as Divination.  You'd
have to be in two classes at once.

HERMIONE

Don't be silly.  How could anyone
be in two classes at once?
Broaden your minds...

HAGRID

C'mon now, get a move on!  Got a
real treat for yeh.  Great lesson
comin' up.  Follow me.

HAGRID

Gather 'round.  Find yerself a spot.
That's it.  Now, firs' thing yeh'll
want ter do is open yer books --

DRACO

And exactly how do we do that?

HAGRID

Crikey.  Didn' yeh know?  All yeh've
got ter do is stroke 'em.  Look --

HAGRID

Righ' then.  So... so... yeh've
got yer books, an' now yeh need
the Magical Creatures.  Right.
So... I'll... I'll go an' get 'em.

DRACO

God, this place is going to the
dogs.  Wait until my father hears
Dumbledore's got this oaf teaching
classes.

HARRY

Listen, you stupid prat --

DRACO

Potter, there's a Dementor behind
you.

HAGRID

Gee up, there!
Beau'iful, isn' he?

RON

Hagrid.  Exactly what is that?

HAGRID

A Hippogriff, o' course.  Now,
firs' thing yeh gotta know is
they're proud.  Easily offended,
Hippogriffs are.  Don't never
insult one, 'cause it migh' be
the las' thing yeh do.  Right
then -- who wants ter come an'
say hello?

Good man, Harry!

HAGRID

HAGRID

Tha's it.  Easy now... stop!  This
here's Buckbeak, Harry.  Yeh want
ter let 'im make the firs' move.
It's polite, see?  Jus' take step
forward, give 'im a bow, and if
Buckbeak bows back, yeh're allowed
ter touch him.  Ready?

HAGRID

Back off, Harry!  Back off!

HAGRID

Well done, Harry!  Go on.  Give
'im a pat.

HAGRID

Look at that!  I reckon he migh'
let yeh ride 'im!

HARRY

Excuse me?

HAGRID

We'll jus' set yeh behind the
wing joint.  Mind yeh don' pull
any feathers out.  He won' like
that.

HAGRID

Off yeh go!

HAGRID

Good work, Harry!
How'm I doin' me firs' day?

HARRY

Brilliant... Professor.

DRACO

Give me a go at that thing.  If
Potter can do it, it must be
easy.  You're not dangerous at
all, are you, you great ugly
brute --

HAGRID

Malfoy!  No!

DRACO

It's killed me!  It's killed
me!

HAGRID

Calm yerself!  Yer fine... jus'
a scratch...

HERMIONE

Hagrid.  He's got to be taken to
a hospital.  I'll go with you,
if you like --

HAGRID

No.  I'm the teacher.  You all...
you all just... Class dismissed!

PANSY

Does it hurt terribly, Draco?

DRACO

It comes and goes.  Still... I
consider myself lucky.  According
to Madam Pomfrey, another minute
or two... and I could've lost the
arm.

RON

The little git.  He's really
laying it on thick, isn't he?

HARRY

At least Hagrid didn't get sacked.

HERMIONE

Yes.  But I hear Draco's father's
furious.  I don't think we've
heard the end of this...

SEAMUS

He's been sighted!

RON

Who?

HERMIONE

Achintee?  That's not far from
here...

NEVILLE

You don't think he'd come to
Hogwarts, do you?

LAVENDER

With the Dementors at every
entrance?

LAVENDAR

Dementors?  He's already slipped
by them once, hasn't he?  Who's
to say he can't do it again?

BEM

That's right.  Black could be
anywhere.  It's like trying to
catch smoke.  Like trying to
catch smoke with your bare
hands.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Intriguing, yes?  Would anyone
like to venture a guess as to
what's inside?

SEAMUS

That's a Boggart, that is.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Very good, Mr. Finnigan. Can
anyone tell us what a Boggart
looks like?

HERMIONE

No one knows.

RON

When'd she get here?

HERMIONE

Boggarts are shape-shifters.
They take the shape of whatever
a particular person fears most.
That's what makes it so --

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Terrifying, yes.  Luckily, a very
simple charm exists to repel a
Boggart.  Let's practice it now,
shall we?  Without wands,
please... Riddikulus!

STUDENTS

Riddikulus!

DRACO

It's this class that's ridiculous.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Good.  So much for the easy part.
You see, the incantation alone
is not enough.  What really
finishes a Boggart off is...
laughter.  You need to force it
to assume a shape you find truly
amusing.  Neville, come up here,
will you?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

What would you say is the thing
that frightens you most?

NEVILLE

Profter... Snafpt...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Didn't catch that, Neville, sorry.

NEVILLE

Professor Snape.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Hmmm... yes.  Neville, I believe
you live with your grandmother?

NEVILLE

Yes, but I don't want the Boggart
to turn into her either.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

It won't.  But I want you to
picture her clothes, only her
clothes, very clearly in your
mind.  Can you do that?

NEVILLE

She carries a red handbag...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

That's fine.  We don't need to
hear it.  If you see it, we will.
Now, when I open this wardrobe,
Neville, here's what I want you to
do...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

You can do this, Neville.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Right then.  Wand at the ready.
One.  Two.  Three!
Think, Neville.  Think!

NEVILLE

R-r-riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Ron!  Forward!

RON

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Parvati!

PARVATI

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Mr. Thomas!

DEAN THOMAS

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Next!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Here!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Well done, everyone.  I think
that's enough excitement for today.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Remember!  These visits to
Hogsmeade Village are a privilege.
Should your behavior reflect
poorly on the school in any way,
that privilege shall not be
extended again.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

No permission form.  No visiting
the Village.  That's the rule,
Potter.

HARRY

Yes, Professor, but I thought if
you said I could go --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

But I don't say so.  A parent or
guardian must sign, and since I am
neither, it would be
inappropriate.
I'm sorry, Potter.  But that's my
final word.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

So.  No Hogsmeade, eh ?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Well, don't feel too bad.  I was
roundly disappointed the first
time I went.

HARRY

Really?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

No.  I was just trying to make you
feel better.  Honeydukes' sweets
are the best in the world.  Their
Pepper Imps are so strong you
smoke at the ears.  And Zonko's
Joke Shop may be dangerous, but
you can't beat their Stink
Pellets.

HARRY

Not to mention The Shrieking
Shack, which, according to
Hermione, is the most severely
haunted building in Britain.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Yes, that too...

HARRY

Professor, can I ask you
something?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

You'd like to know why I stopped

PROFESSOR LUPIN

But clearly... I was wrong.

HARRY

I did think of Voldemort first.
But then, I remembered that night
on the train... and the
Dementors...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Well, well.  I'm impressed.  That
suggests that what you fear most
of all is... fear. Very wise.

HARRY

Before I fainted... I heard
something.  A woman.  Screaming.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Dementors force us to relive the
worst memories of our lives.  Our
pain becomes their power.

HARRY

I think it was my mother.  The
night she was murdered.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

The first time I saw you, Harry, I
recognized you immediately.  Not
by your scar.  By your eyes.
They're your mother Lily's.
Yes.  I knew her.  She was there
for me at a time when no one else
was.  We used to talk for hours.
She was not only a singularly
gifted witch but an uncommonly
kind woman.  She had a way of
seeing the beauty in whoever she
met, even -- and perhaps most
especially -- when that person
couldn't see it in themselves...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Which perhaps explains her
affection for your father.  James
had, shall we say, a certain
talent for trouble.  A gift, rumor
has it, he passed on to you.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I could tell you stories -- and
there are many about your parents,
Harry -- but know this...
They lived.  Every moment of every
day.  You should know that.
That's how they'd want to be
remembered.

HERMIONE

And the post office!  It's about
200 owls, all sitting on color-
coded shelves, depending on how
fast you want your letter to go!

RON

And Honeyduke's is brilliant!
Sugar Quills, Flaming Whizbees --
and blood-flavored lollipops for
Halloween!

HERMIONE

But, I mean, after awhile, it got
a bit boring.  Don't you think,
Ron?

RON

Huh?  Oh.  Yeah.  Dead depressing.
Hang on.  I almost forgot.  I got
you something wicked at Dervish
and Banges.  It's a Pocket
Sneakoscope.

RON

If there's someone untrustworthy
around, it's meant to light up
and spin.  Mind you, Fred and
George say it's rubbish, sold for
wizard tourists, but I thought,
you know, it can't
hurt, given that...

HARRY

Sirius Black's trying to kill me.

RON

Oh, careful of those, they'll make
your...

RON

Never mind.

RON

What's the hold-up?  Only Neville
ever forgets the password.

PERCY

Let me through, please.  Excuse
me, thank you, I'm Head Boy...

GINNY

The Fat Lady... she's gone.

RON

Probably stuffing her face with
the apples in that still life on
the second floor again.

GINNY

No.  You don't understand --

DUMBLEDORE

Mr. Filch.  Round up the ghosts.
Tell them to search every painting
in the castle for the Fat Lady.

FILCH

There'll be no need for
ghosts, Professor...

DUMBLEDORE

Dear lady.  Who did this to you?

FAT LADY

Eyes like the devil he's got.  And
a soul as dark as his name.  It
was him, Headmaster.  The one they
talk about.  He's here.  Somewhere
in the castle.  Sirius Black.

DUMBLEDORE

Secure the castle, Mr. Filch.  The
rest of you... to the Great Hall.

SNAPE

I've done the dungeons,
Headmaster.  No sign of Black.
Nor anywhere else in the castle.

DUMBLEDORE

I didn't really expect him to
linger.

SNAPE

Remarkable feat, don't you think?
To enter Hogwarts castle on one's
own, completely undetected...

SNAPE

You may recall, prior to the start
of term, I did express my concerns
when you appointed Professor --

DUMBLEDORE

I do not believe a single
professor inside this castle
would have helped Sirius
Black enter it, Severus.

DUMBLEDORE

No... I feel quite confident the
castle is safe.  And I'm more than
willing to let the students return
to their Houses.  But tomorrow.
For now, let them sleep...

DUMBLEDORE

It's astonishing what the body can
endure when the mind allows itself
to rest.

SIR CADOGAN 

What villains are these that
trespass upon my private lands!

SIR CADOGAN

Who dares challenge Sir Cadogan!
Back, you scurvy braggarts!  You
rogues!

SEAMUS

He's barking mad!

DEAN THOMAS

What d'you expect?  After what
happened to the Fat Lady, none of
the other pictures would take the
job.

NEVILLE

But he keeps changing the
password.  Twice just this
morning!  I've taken to keeping a
list.

SIR CADOGAN

Farewell, comrades!  If ever you
have need of noble heart and
steely sinew, call upon Sir
Cadogan!

RON

Yeah, we'll call you... if we ever
need someone mental.

SNAPE

Turn to page 394.

HARRY

Excuse me, sir, but... where's
Professor Lupin?

SNAPE

That's not really your concern, is
it, Potter?  Suffice it to say,
your Professor finds himself
incapable of teaching at the
present time.  Page 394.

RON

Werewolves?

HERMIONE

But, sir, we've only just begun
learning about Red Caps and
Hinkypunks.  We're not meant to
start nocturnal beasts for
weeks

SNAPE

Quiet!

RON

When did she come in?  Did you see
her come in...

SNAPE

Now.  Which of you can tell me the
difference between an Animagus and
a werewolf?

SNAPE

No one?  How... disappointing.

SNAPE

Quiet, Malfoy!  Though one must
admit to feeling your pain.  That
is the second time you have spoken
out of turn, Miss Granger.  Tell
me.  Are you incapable of
restraining yourself?  Or do you
take pride in being an
insufferable know-it-all?

RON

He's got a point, you know.

SNAPE

Five points from Gryffindor!
As a antidote to your ignorance, I
prescribe two rolls of parchment
on the werewolf by Monday morning,
with particular emphasis placed on
recognizing it.
Passing notes, Potter?

SNAPE

If not, I fear you'll perish,
given the weather forecast.  Until
that time, however, you'll forgive
me if I don't let you off
homework.  Should you die, I
assure you... you need not hand it
in.

HARRY

Come on!  Faster!

HERMIONE

No!!!

RON

Looks a bit peaky, doesn't he?

FRED

Peaky?  What d'you expect him to
look like?  He fell fifty feet.

GEORGE

Yeah, c'mon, Ron.  We'll walk you
off the Astronomy Tower and see
how you come out looking.

HARRY

Probably a right sight better than
he normally does.

HERMIONE

Harry!  How're you feeling?

HARRY

Brilliant.

FRED

Gave us a right good scare, mate.

HARRY

What happened?

RON

You fell off your broom.

HARRY

Really?  I meant the match.  Who
won?

HERMIONE

No one blames you, Harry.  The
Dementors aren't meant to come on
the grounds.  Dumbledore was
furious.  After he saved you, he
sent them straight off.

RON

There's something else you should
know, Harry.  Your Nimbus -- when
it blew away? -- it sort of landed
in the Whomping Willow.  And well...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I'm sorry about your broom, Harry.
There's no chance of fixing it?

HARRY

Why do they affect me so,
Professor?  I mean, more than
everyone else...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Dementors are among the foulest
creatures that walk this earth.
They feed on every good feeling,
every happy memory, until a person
is left with nothing but his worst
experiences.  You're not weak,
Harry.  The Dementors affect you
most, because there are true
horrors in your past.  Horrors
your classmates can scarcely
imagine.  You have nothing to be
ashamed of.

HARRY

I'm scared, Professor.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I'd consider you a fool if you
weren't.

HARRY

I need to learn how to fight them.
You could teach me, Professor.
You made that Dementor on the
train go away...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

There was only one that night...

HARRY

But you made it go away.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I don't pretend to be an expert,
Harry.  But yes, I can teach you.
Perhaps after the holiday.  For
now, though, I need to rest.  I'm
feeling... tired.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Beautiful...

FRED

Clever, Harry.

GEORGE

But not clever enough.

FRED

Besides, we've got a better way.

HARRY

What's this rubbish?

FRED

Rubbish he says.  That there's the
secret to our success.

GEORGE

It's a wrench giving it to you,
believe me.

FRED

But we've decided your need's
greater than ours.  George, if you
will...

GEORGE

I solemnly swear that I am up to
no good.

HARRY

'Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot
and Prongs are proud to present
The Marauder's Map'...?

GEORGE

Ah... Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and
Prongs.  We owe them so much.

HARRY

Hang on.  This is Hogwarts!  And
that... No.  Is that really...

FRED

Dumbledore.

GEORGE

In his study.

FRED

Pacing.

GEORGE

Does that a lot.

HARRY

You mean, this map shows...

FRED

Everyone.

HARRY

Everyone?

GEORGE

Everyone.

FRED

Where they are.

GEORGE

What they're doing.

FRED

Every minute.

GEORGE

Of every day.

HARRY

Brilliant!  Where'd you get it?

FRED

Nicked it from Filch's office, of
course, first year.  Now listen.
There's seven secret passageways
out of the castle.  But we'd
recommend... This one.

GEORGE

The One-Eyed Witch on the third
floor.

HARRY

The One-Eyed...

FRED

Witch, right.  But you best hurry.
Filch is heading this way.
Oh.  And, Harry?  When you're
done, make sure to give it a tap
and say, 'Mischief managed.'
Otherwise, anyone can read it.

HARRY

Dissendium?

HARRY

Mischief managed.

WOMAN

A box of Jelly Slugs as well,
Horace.  We're nearly cleared out.

HERMIONE

It's meant to be the most haunted
building in Britain.  Did I
mention that?

RON

Twice.

HERMIONE

Should we move a bit closer?

RON

Huh?  Oh... All right...

RON

Actually, it's fine from here.

HERMIONE

Perfect.

DRACO

Well, well.  Look who's here.  You
two shopping for your dream home?
Seems a bit grand for you, Weasel-
Bee.  Don't your family all sleep
in one room?

RON

Shut your mouth, Malfoy.

DRACO

Now that's not very friendly.
Boys, I think we're going to have
to teach Weasel-Bee to respect his
superiors.

HERMIONE

Hope you don't mean yourself.

DRACO

How dare you speak to me, you
filthy, little mud --

DRACO

Who did that!

DRACO

Well, don't just stand there!

DRACO

Wait a minute, there's something
out here -- Aaaaaaahhhh!!!

HERMIONE

Harry...?  Harry?

RON

Bloody hell, Harry!  That was not
funny!

RON

Those weasels!  Never told me
about any Marauder's Map!

HERMIONE

But Harry isn't going to keep it.
He's going to turn it over to
PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL, aren't you?

RON

Oh sure.  Along with his
invisibility cloak, his pack of
exploding snap cards, his --

HERMIONE

Oh, shut up.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Rosmerta, m'dear!

HERMIONE

That's Madam Rosmerta.  Ron
fancies her.

RON

It's not true!

HARRY

Shhh.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

I trust business is good?

MADAM ROSMERTA

It'd be a right sight better if
the Ministry wasn't sending
Dementors into my pub every other
night.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

We have a killer on the loose.

MADAM ROSMERTA

Sirius Black?  In Hogsmeade!  And
what would bring him here?

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Harry Potter.

MADAM ROSMERTA

Harry Potter!

HERMIONE

Harry?

RON

He's gone. 

MADAM ROSMERTA

Come on then.  Let's hear it.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Years ago, when Harry Potter's
parents were marked for death,
they went into hiding.  Few knew
where they were.  One who did was
black.  And he told...

MADAM ROSMERTA

You-Know-Who.  I've heard this
rot.  It was all over The Daily
Prophet back in the day.  And I'll
say now what I said then:  Of all
the boys I ran out of here,
Black's the last who would've gone
over to the dark side.  Hearsay.
That's all the Ministry had.
Hearsay.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Ha!  Tell that to Peter Pettigrew!

MADAM ROSMERTA

Peter Pettigrew?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Little lump of a boy?  Always
tagging after Black and...

MADAM ROSMERTA

I remember him.  What's he got to
do with it?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

After the Potters were killed,
Pettigrew went looking for Black.
And, unfortunately... found him.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Black was vicious.  He didn't kill
Pettigrew.  He destroyed him.  A
finger.  That's all that was left.
A finger -- there's your hearsay.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Sirius Black may not have put his
hands to the Potters, but he's the
reason they're dead.  And now he
wants to finish what he started.

MADAM ROSMERTA

Harry.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

But that's not the worst of it.

MADAM ROSMERTA

What could be worse?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

This:  Sirius Black was and
remains today... Harry Potter's
godfather.

HARRY

He was their friend.  And he
betrayed them.  He was their
friend.
I hope he finds me.  But when he
does, I'm going to be ready.  When
he does, I'm going to kill him.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

You're sure about this, Harry?
This is very advanced magic.  Well
beyond Ordinary Wizarding Level.

HARRY

If Black can fight the Dementors,
I need to know how too.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Very well.  The spell I'm going to
teach you is called the Patronus
Charm.  Ever hear of it?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

A Patronus is a kind of positive
force.  For the wizard who can
conjure one, the Patronus works
something like a shield.  The
Dementor feeds on it instead of
him.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

But in order for it to work, you
must think of a memory.  And not
just any.  This memory needs to be
a very happy one.  And powerful.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Got something?  Good.  Let it fill
you up.  Lose yourself in it.
Then speak the incantation:
Expecto Patronum.  Without your
wand...

HARRY

Expecto Patronum...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Right then.  Shall we?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Concentrate, Harry.
Concentrate...

HARRY

Expecto... Patronum...

HARRY

Expecto... Expecto...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Here!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Quickly.

HARRY

That's one nasty Dementor.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Boggart, Harry.  The real thing
would be much, much worse.  Just
out of interest, what were you
thinking of?  What memory did you
choose?

HARRY

The first time I rode a broom.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

That's not good enough, Harry.
Not nearly.

HARRY

There's another.  It's not happy
exactly.  I mean, it is.  It's the
happiest I've ever felt.  But
it's... complicated.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Is it strong?
Then let's try it.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Just do it!

HARRY

Expecto Patronum!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Well done.

HARRY

I think I've had enough.  For
today.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

So you know, Harry:  You'd have
given your father a run for his
money.  And, believe me, that's
saying something.

HARRY

I was thinking of him.  And Mum.
Seeing their faces.  They're just
talking to me.  Just... talking.
That was the memory I chose.  I
don't even know if it's real...

HARRY

But it's the best I have.

RON

Aaaahhhh!

HARRY

Everybody out!

HARRY

Show yourself.

HARRY

Ron!  Ron!

RON

Is he gone?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

That's preposterous, Weasley.  How
could Sirius Black possibly have
got through the portrait hole?

RON

I don't know how he got in!  I was
a bit busy dodging his knife!

RON

And this bloody cat ate my rat!

HERMIONE

That's a lie!

RON

It is not and you bloody well know it!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Silence!

DUMBLEDORE

Sir Cadogan.  Is it possible that
you let a mysterious man enter
Gryffindor Tower tonight?

SIR CADOGAN

Certainly, good lady!  He had the
password.  Had the whole week's,
in fact.  On a little piece of
paper.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Which abysmally foolish person
wrote down the passwords and then
proceeded to lose them!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Is it always going to be you,
Longbottom?

NEVILLE

I'm afraid so, ma'am.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

While we know Sirius Black is gone
tonight, I think you can safely
assume he will, at some future
time, attempt to return.  Let me
be clear.  You are not to move
about the castle alone.  And you
are not to write down the
password!  Understood!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Very well then.  Go to bed.

HARRY

I could've killed him.

HARRY

I could've killed him.

RON

I find it astonishing that someone
who prides herself on being so
logical can be in such denial.

HERMIONE

Harry.  Will you explain to your
friend Ronald that he has
absolutely no proof whatsoever
that my sweet, unassuming cat ate
his shabby, decidedly decrepit
rat.

RON

Harry was there!  He'll tell you
how it was.  Go on, Harry, tell
her.

HARRY

No, I won't.  Know why?  Because I
don't care about your stupid rat!
I don't care about your stupid
cat!  I've got few other things on
my mind right now!

RON

Really?  Wasn't you had to roll
under the bed last night to avoid
getting cut to ribbons!  A person
could die being your friend,
Harry!

HERMIONE

How'd it go, Hagrid?

HAGRID

Buckbeak liked London.

HERMIONE

I meant the hearing.

HAGRID

Oh.  That.  Well, I got up an'
said my bit -- You know, how
Buckbeak was a good Hippogriff an'
as long as yeh treated 'im with
respect, he'd treat you the same.
Then Lucius Malfoy got up an' said
his bit -- you know, how Buckbeak
was a deadly dangerous beast that
no teacher in their righ' mind
would expose their students to...

HERMIONE

And...?

HERMIONE

You mustn't blame yourself,
Hagrid.

RON

Draco.  It's him the Committee
should punish.  It's him they
should send off to the forest, not
Buckbeak.

HAGRID

Buckbeak's not going back to the
forest...

HERMIONE

Where's he going, Hagrid?

HAGRID

He asked fer the worse, yeh see,
Lucius Malfoy did.  An' the
Committee granted it.  Buckbeak's
bin sentenced ter death.

HARRY

I solemnly swear that I am up to
no good.

HARRY

Mischief managed!

SNAPE

Potter.  What're you doing
wandering the corridors at night?

HARRY

I was... I was... sleepwalking...

SNAPE

How extraordinarily like your
father you are, Potter.  He, too,
was exceedingly arrogant.
Strutting about the castle --

HARRY

My dad didnt strut.  Nor do I.
Now, if you don't mind, I'd
appreciate you lowering your wand.

SNAPE

Turn out your pockets.

SNAPE

Turn out your pockets!

SNAPE

And this.  What might it be?

HARRY

Spare bit of parchment...

SNAPE

Really...
Reveal your secret!

SNAPE

Read it.

HARRY

'Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot
and Prongs offer their compliments
to Professor Snape and...'

SNAPE

Go on.

HARRY

'... and request that he keep his
abnormally large nose out of other
people's business.'

SNAPE
Why you insolent little --

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Professor...?

SNAPE

Well, well.  Lupin.  Out for a little
walk in the moonlight, are we?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Harry?  You all right?

SNAPE

That remains to be seen.  I've
just now confiscated a rather
curious artifact from Mr. Potter.
Take a look, Lupin.  This is
supposed to be your area of
expertise.

SNAPE

Clearly, it's full of Dark Magic.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I seriously doubt that, Severus.
It looks to me as if it merely
insults anyone who tries to read
it.  I suspect it's a Zonko
product.  Nevertheless, I shall
pursue any hidden qualities it may
possess.  As you say, it's my area
of expertise.  Come, Harry.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I don't know how this map came to
be in your possession, Harry, but
I'm astounded that you didn't turn
it in.  Did you ever stop to think
that this -- in the hands of
Sirius Black -- is a map to you?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Your father didn't set much store
by rules either.  But he and your
mother did give their lives to
save yours.  Gambling their
sacrifice by walking about the
castle unprotected, with a killer
on the loose, strikes me as a poor
way to repay them.  I won't cover
up for you again, Harry.

HARRY

Professor.  Just so you know, I
don't think the map always works.
Earlier, it showed someone in the
castle.  Someone I know to be dead.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

And who was that, Harry?

HARRY

Peter Pettigrew.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Very well.  I'd like you to return
to your dormitory now.  Oh, and
Harry?  Don't take any detours.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

If you do.  I'll know.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Relax... Let your mind... go...

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Crystal-gazing requires that you
clear the Inner Eye.  Only then,
will you... See.  Oh my, what do
we have here...?

HERMIONE

Here we go again.  It's the Grim!
It's the Grim!

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

My dear, from the moment you first
arrived in my class, I sensed that
you did not possess the proper
spirit for the noble art of
Divination.  You may be young in
years, but the heart that beats
beneath your bosom is as shriveled
as an old maid's, your soul as dry
as the pages of the books to which
you so desperately cleave.

LAVENDER

'In late spring, one of our number
will leave us forever!'  You knew,
Professor!  You saw.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

On these occasions, I take no joy
in my gift, Miss Brown.

RON

She's gone mental, Hermione has.
I mean, not that she wasn't always
mental, but now it's out in the
open for everyone to see...

HARRY

Professor Trelawney --

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

He will return tonight....

HARRY

S-sorry?

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Tonight, when the clock strikes
twelve, the servant shall break
free.  He and his Master shall be
reunited.  It cannot be prevented.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

So sorry, dear boy.  Did you say
something?

HARRY

No.  Nothing.

HERMIONE

I can't believe they're going to
kill Buckbeak!  It's too horrible.

HARRY

It just got worse.

DRACO

Did you see the big, fat
blubbering oaf?!  Oh, this is
going to be rich.  Did I tell you,
Father said I can keep the head --
Ah.  Come to see the show?

HERMIONE

You... foul... loathsome...
evil... little cockroach...

RON

Hermione!  No!

RON

He's not worth it.

HERMIONE

That felt good.

HAGRID

Look at 'em.  Loves the smell
o' the trees when the wind
blows...

HARRY

I say we set him free.

HAGRID

They'd know I did it.  And tha'
would only get Dumbledore in
trouble.  Gonna come down, yeh
know.  Says he wants ter be with
me when it... when it happens.
Great man, Dumbledore.

HERMIONE

We'll stay with you too, Hagrid.

HAGRID

Yeh will not!  Think I wan' yeh
seein' a thing like this!  No.
Yeh'll drink yer tea an' be off.
But before yeh do -- I wan' ter
see you an' Ron shake hands,
Harry.

HAGRID

Thin' I haven' seen 'ow it's bin
betw'n you two?  Go on now...

HAGRID

Good.  Now then.  Ron, I wan' ter
see you give Hermione a hug.

HERMIONE

What!

RON

What!

HAGRID

Go on!  You two've been at it all
year.  An' I'm sick o' it.

HAGRID

Crikey, tha's jus' abou' the most
pathetic hug I e'er seen.  But yeh
did it, an' tha's wha' matters.
There's jus' one other thing...

RON

I'm not kissing Fang if that's
what you're thinking...

RON

Scabbers!  You're alive!

HAGRID

Yeh should keep a closer eye on
yer pets, Ron.

HERMIONE

I think you owe someone an
apology.

RON

Right.  Next time I see
Crookshanks, I'll let him know.

HERMIONE

I meant me.

HAGRID

Crikey.  Here we go agin...

HARRY

Ow!

HARRY

Hagrid...

HAGRID

Yeh got to go!  It's almost dark.
Anyone sees yeh outside the castle
it'll be trouble!  Big trouble!
'Specially you, Harry --

HARRY

C'mon.

HARRY

What?

HERMIONE

Nothing, I just thought I saw...
Never mind.

RON

He bit me...

HERMIONE

Ron!  No!

HERMIONE

Harry.  You do realize what tree
this is...

RON

Now behave yourself.

HARRY

That's not good.
Ron!  Run!

RON

Harry!  Run!

RON

Aaaahhh!

HERMIONE

I've got you --

RON

Harry!

HARRY

Hold on, Ron!

HARRY

No, Ron...

HARRY

Nooooo!!!

HERMIONE

Haaaaaaarrrrrr!!!!!!!!!

HERMIONE

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

HARRY

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

HERMIONE

Thanks.

HARRY

Don't mention it.  Lumos.

HERMIONE

Where do you suppose this goes?

HARRY

I have a hunch.  I just hope I'm
wrong...

HERMIONE

We're in the Shrieking Shack,
aren't we?

HARRY

Nox.

HERMIONE

Ron!  You're okay --

HARRY

The dog -- where's the --

RON

It's a trap, Harry.  He's the dog.
He's an Animagus...

HERMIONE

Sirius Black.
If you want to kill Harry, you'll
-- you'll... have to kill us, too!

SIRIUS BLACK

No.  Only one will die tonight.

HARRY

Then it'll be you!

HERMIONE

Harry!  No!

SIRIUS BLACK

Going to kill me, Harry?

HARRY

Yes.

HERMIONE

Professor Lupin!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Looking a bit ragged, aren't we,
Sirius?  Finally the skin reflects
the madness within.

SIRIUS BLACK

You'd know all about the madness
within, wouldn't you, Remus?

HERMIONE

No!  I trusted you!  I covered up
for you.  And all this time you've
been his friend!

He's a werewolf!  That's why he's
been missing classes!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

How long have you known?

HERMIONE

Since Professor Snape set the
essay.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

You're the brightest witch of your
age I've ever met, Hermione.

SIRIUS BLACK

Yes, you glow like the sun.  And
you howl at the moon.  Enough
talk!  He dies.  Now.  If you
won't do it with me, Remus, I'll
do it alone.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Wait, Sirius --

SIRIUS BLACK

I did my waiting!  Twelve years of
it!  In Azkaban!  Trust me, you
wouldn't have lasted a week!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

All right then.  As you wish...

HARRY

No!

HARRY

You betrayed my parents!  You sold
them to Voldemort!

SIRIUS BLACK

It's a lie!  I never would've
betrayed James and Lily!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Harry!  You've got to listen --

HARRY

Did he listen!  When my mother was
dying!  Did he hear her screaming!

SIRIUS BLACK

No!  I wasn't there!  And I'll
regret it the rest of my life!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Someone else betrayed your
parents, Harry.  Someone in this
room right now.  Someone who,
until quite recently, I believed
to be dead.

SIRIUS BLACK

He's as good as dead.

HARRY

What're you talking about?
There's nobody here.

SIRIUS BLACK

Oh yes there is...

SIRIUS BLACK

Come out, come out, Peter
Come out, come out and play...

RON

You're mad...

SNAPE

Expelliarmus!

SNAPE

Ah, vengeance is sweet.  How I
hoped I'd be the one to catch you.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Severus --

SNAPE

I told Dumbledore you were helping
your old friend into the castle.
And here's the proof.

SIRIUS BLACK

Brilliant!  And -- as usual --
dead wrong.  Now give us our wands
back.  Remus and I have a bit of
unfinished business to tend to.

SNAPE

Give me a reason.  I beg you.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Don't be a fool, Severus!

SIRIUS BLACK

He can't help it.  It's habit by
now.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Quiet, Sirius!

SNAPE

Listen to you two.  Quarreling
like an old married couple.  The
creature and the criminal.

SIRIUS BLACK

Piss off.

SNAPE

Witty as ever I see.  Tell me,
will you be so irreverent when I
turn you over to the Dementors?

Do I detect a flicker of fear?
One can only imagine what it must
be like to endure the Dementor's
Kiss.  It's said to be unbearable
to witness.  But I'll do my best.

SNAPE

After you.

HARRY

Expelliarmus!

HERMIONE

Harry.  You attacked a teacher.

HARRY

You said Peter before.  Peter who?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Pettigrew.  He was at school with
us.  We thought he was a friend.

HARRY

No.  Pettigrew's dead.  He killed
him.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I thought so, too.  Until you
mentioned seeing Pettigrew on the
Map.

HARRY

The Map was lying then --

SIRIUS BLACK

The Map never lies.  Pettigrew's
alive.  And he's right there.

RON

M-me?  It's lunatic...

SIRIUS BLACK

Not you, you idiot.  Your rat.

RON

Scabbers?  Scabbers has been in my
family for --

SIRIUS BLACK

Twelve years.  A curiously long
life for a common garden rat.
He's missing a toe, isn't he?

RON

So what?

HARRY

All they could find of Pettigrew
was his--

SIRIUS BLACK

Finger.  Dirty coward cut it off
so everyone would think he was
dead.  Then he transformed into a
rat.

HARRY

Show me.

RON

What are you going to do to him?

SIRIUS BLACK

Together.

PETTIGREW

S-Sirius... R-Remus.  My old
friends.

PETTIGREW

Harry!  Look at you!  Y-you look
just like your father.  Like
James.  We were the best of
friends, he and I --

SIRIUS BLACK

Shut up!

PETTIGREW

I didn't mean to!  The Dark Lord,
you have no idea the weapons he
possesses!  Ask yourself what you
would have done, Sirius.  What
would you have done!

SIRIUS BLACK

Died!  Died rather than betray my
friends!  And you should have
realized, Peter, if Voldemort
didn't kill you...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

We would.

PETTIGREW

No... please... you can't...
Ron!  Haven't I been a good
friend?  A good pet?  You won't
let them kill me, will you?  I was
your rat...
Sweet girl.  Clever girl.  Surely
you won't let them...

HARRY

No.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Harry, this man...

HARRY

I know what he is.  But we'll take
him to the castle.

PETTIGREW

Bless you, boy!  Bless you --

HARRY

Get off!  I said we'd take you to
the castle.  After that, the
Dementors can have you.

PETTIGREW

Turn me into a maggot.  A dung
beetle.  A Flobberworm!  Anything
but the Dementors...
Ron!  Haven't I been a good
friend?  A good pet?  You won't
let them kill me, will you?  I was
your rat...

HERMIONE

Don't worry.  He's under the
Somnambulist Charm.  It's
primarily used to transport the
seriously deranged.

PETTIGREW

Sweet girl.  Clever girl.  Surely
you won't let them...

SIRIUS BLACK

Beautiful, isn't it?  I'll never
forget the first time I walked
through those doors.  It'll be
nice to do it again.  Freely.
That was a noble thing you did
back there.  He doesn't deserve
it.

HARRY

I don't reckon my father'd want
his best friends to become killers
for a worthless piece of vermin
like Pettigrew.  Besides:  Dead,
the truth dies with him.  Alive...
you're free.

SIRIUS BLACK

I don't know if you know, Harry,
but when you were born, James and
Lily made me your guardian...

HARRY

I know.

SIRIUS BLACK

And, well, I'll understand if you
choose to stay with your aunt and
uncle, but, so you know, you
could--

HARRY

Come live with you?  When!

SIRIUS BLACK

Soon as my name's cleared...

HERMIONE

Harry...

SIRIUS BLACK

Remus, old friend... did you take
your potion tonight?

SIRIUS BLACK

Run.  All of you.  Now.

SIRIUS BLACK

You know the man you truly are,
Remus.  This flesh is only flesh.

SIRIUS BLACK 

This heart is where you truly
live.  This heart!  Here!

HARRY

No!

Expelliarmus!

HERMIONE

Professor...?

SNAPE

Out of the way!

HARRY

Sirius!

HERMIONE

Harry!

HARRY

No!!!

HARRY

Please, Professor.  Stop... It's
me.

HARRY

Sirius!

HARRY

Sirius!

HARRY

No... No!
Expecto... Patronum!
Expecto... Patronum...

HARRY

I saw my dad.

HERMIONE

What...?

HARRY

He sent the Dementors away... I
saw him.  Across the lake...

HERMIONE

Listen, Harry.  They've captured
Sirius.  Any minute the Dementors
are going to perform the Kiss.

HARRY

The Kiss...?

HERMIONE

It's what Dementors do to those
they want to destroy.  They clamp
their jaws over the victim's mouth
and... suck out his soul.

HARRY

You mean, they're going to kill
Sirius?

HERMIONE

No.  It's worse.  Much worse.  You
go on living.  But you have no
memory.  No sense of self.  You're
just a shall.  An empty shell...

HERMIONE

Headmaster!  You've got to stop
them!  They've got the wrong man!

HARRY

It's true, sir.  Sirius is
innocent --

RON

It's Scabbers who did it!

DUMBLEDORE

Scabbers...?

RON

My rat, sir.  Only he's not really
a rat.  Well, he was a rat.  You
see, he used to be my brother
Percy's --

HERMIONE

The point is... we know the truth.
Please, sir, you must believe us.

DUMBLEDORE

I do, Miss Granger.  But I'm sorry
to say the word of three thirteen-
year-old wizards will convince few
others.  A child's voice, however
honest and true, is meaningless to
those who have forgotten how to
listen.

DUMBLEDORE

Ah... a shooting star.  If ever
one was to make a wish, now would
be the time.  But time, I'm
afraid, is precisely our
problem...

DUMBLEDORE

Mysterious thing, time.  Powerful.
And, when meddled with...
dangerous.  Sirius Black is in the
topmost cell of the Dark Tower.
You know the laws, Miss Granger.
You must not be seen.  And you
would, I feel, do well to return
before this last chime.  If not...
well, the consequences are really
too ghastly to discuss.  Three
turns should do it, I think.  If
you succeed, more than one
innocent life may be spared
tonight.

DUMBLEDORE

By the way, when in doubt, I find
retracing my steps to be a wise
place to begin... Good luck.

RON

What in bloody hell was all that
about?

HERMIONE

Sorry, Ron.  But seeing as you
can't walk...

HARRY

What just happened?  Where's Ron?

HERMIONE

Seven-thirty.  Where were we at
seven-thirty?

HARRY

Huh?  Dunno... going to Hagrid's?

HERMIONE

Come on!  We can't be seen!

HARRY

Hermione!  Will you please tell me
what it is we're doing?!

HARRY

But that... that's... us.  This is
not... normal.

HERMIONE

This is a Time-Turner, Harry.
McGonagall gave it to me first
term.  This is how I've been
getting to my lessons all year.

HARRY

You mean, we've gone back in time?

HERMIONE

Yes.  Dumbledore wanted us to
return to this moment.  Clearly
something happened he wants us to
change.

HARRY

Good punch.

HERMIONE

Hurry!  Malfoy's coming!

DRACO

Not a word of this to anyone,
understood!  I'll get that jumped-
up Mudblood one of these days.
Mark my words...

HARRY

Look.  Buckbeak's still alive.

HERMIONE

Of course!  Remember what
Dumbledore said.  If we succeed,
more than one innocent life could
be spared.

HARRY

Buckbeak?  But... how will saving
Buckbeak help Sirius?

HERMIONE

We'll see.

HARRY

What?

HERMIONE

Nothing.

HARRY

Here they come.  I better hurry.

HERMIONE

No!  Fudge has to see Buckbeak
before we steal him.  Otherwise,
he'll think Hagrid set him free!

HARRY

That's Pettigrew --

HERMIONE

No, Harry!  You can't!

HARRY

Hermione, that's the man who
betrayed my parents!  You don't
expect me to just sit here...

HERMIONE

Yes!  You Must!
Harry, you're in Hagrid's hut
right now.  If you go bursting
inside, you'll think you've gone
mad.  Awful things can happen when
wizards meddle with time.  We
can't be seen.

HERMIONE

Fudge is coming and... we're not
leaving... why aren't we leaving?

HARRY

Are you mad?

HARRY

That hurt.

HERMIONE

Sorry.

HERMIONE

C'mon.  Any minute now we're going
to be coming out the back door.

HERMIONE

Is that really what my hair looks
like from the back?

HARRY

Shhh!

HERMIONE

Nothing, I just thought I saw...
Never mind.

HERMIONE

Now, Harry!

CORNELIUS FUDGE

'It is the decision of the
Committee for the Disposal of
Dangerous Creatures that the
Hippogriff Buckbeak, hereafter
called the condemned, shall be
executed this day at sundown...'

HARRY

Get away!

CORNELIUS FUDGE

'The Committee's appointed
executioner shall dispatch the
condemned by means of
beheading...'

HARRY

C'mon, Buckbeak.  Come on...

CORNELIUS FUDGE

'As witnessed below.'  You sign
here, Hagrid.  Very well,
gentlemen.  Let's step outside,
shall we...

DUMBLEDORE

Excuse me, Minister.  I believe I
must sign as well...

HERMIONE

Here, Beaky... Come and get the
nice dead ferret... yum yum...

DUMBLEDORE

Professor Dippet had those
blackberries planted when he was
Headmaster...

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Let's get this over with, shall
we?

CORNELIUS FUDGE

But... where is it?  I just saw
the beast not moments ago --
Hagrid?

HAGRID

Beaky...

DUMBLEDORE

How extraordinary!

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Come now, Dumbledore.  Someone's
obviously released him.

HAGRID

Professor, I swear!  I didn't!

DUMBLEDORE

I'm quite sure the Minister isn't
suggesting that you had anything
to do with it, Hagrid.  How could
you?  You've been with us all
along.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

We should search the grounds --

DUMBLEDORE

Search the skies if you must,
Minister.  In the meantime, I
wouldn't say no to a cup of tea,
Hagrid.  Or... a large brandy.
It seems your services will no
longer be required.

HARRY

Now what?

HERMIONE

We save Sirius.

HARRY

And we do that... how?

HERMIONE

No idea.

HERMIONE

Look.  It's Lupin.

HARRY

Wait until Fred and George hear
about that one.
Here comes Snape.

HERMIONE

And now we wait.

HARRY

Now we wait.

HERMIONE

'Least someone's enjoying himself.

HARRY

Hermione...

HERMIONE

Yes?

HARRY

Before.  Down by the lake.  When I
was with Sirius... I did see
someone... that someone made the
Dementors go away...

HERMIONE

With a Patronus.  I heard Snape
telling Dumbledore when we were
taken to the hospital.  According
to him, only a really powerful
wizard could have conjured it.

HARRY

It was my Dad.

HARRY

It was my Dad who conjured the
Patronus.

HERMIONE

But, Harry, your Dad's...

HARRY

Dead.  I know.  I'm just telling
you what I saw.

HERMIONE

Here we come.

HARRY

You see Sirius talking to me?
He's asking me to come live with
him.

HERMIONE

Really?

HARRY

When we free him, I'll never have
to go back to the Dursley's.  I'm
going to tell him I'd like to live
someplace in the country.  I think
he'd like that, after all those
years in Azkaban.  We don't need a
big place and I can help him...

HERMIONE

It's happened.  Lupin's
transformed.

HARRY

Which means Pettigrew is slipping
safely into the night.  While we
just stand here...

HARRY

What are you doing?

HERMIONE

Saving your life.

HARRY

Thanks.  But we have to move.

HERMIONE

Why?

HARRY

Because that werewolf you just
called is running right this way.

HERMIONE

Buckbeak.  We've got to find him.

HERMIONE

Poor Professor Lupin is having a
really tough night...

HARRY

Let's go.

HERMIONE

This is horrible...

HARRY

Don't worry.  My Dad will come...
Right there... you'll see... he'll
come... any minute... he'll
conjure the Patronus

HERMIONE

No one's coming, Harry...

HARRY

He will!  He will come!

HERMIONE

No one's coming!  You're dying,
both of you... and no one's
coming!

HERMIONE

Harry, No!

HARRY

Expecto Patronum!

HARRY

You were right, Hermione.  It
wasn't my dad I saw earlier.  It
was... me.  I saw myself conjuring
the Patronus before.  I knew I
could do it this time, because...
because I'd already done it.  Does
that make sense?

HERMIONE

No.
But I don't like this!

HERMIONE

Out of the way!
Alohomora!
Didn't really expect that to work.

HERMIONE

Dunamis!  Liberare!  Annihilare!
Emancipare!
No.  No.  No.  No.

SIRIUS BLACK

You might try --

HERMIONE

Quiet!  I'm trying to think.

HERMIONE

Bombarda!

SIRIUS BLACK

That'll do.

SIRIUS BLACK

You truly are your father's son,
Harry!

SIRIUS BLACK

I'll be forever grateful for this.
To both of you.

HARRY

I want to go with you.

SIRIUS BLACK

One day perhaps.  For some time...
life will be too... unpredictable.
Besides, you're meant to be here.

SIRIUS BLACK

But promise me something, Harry.

HARRY

Anything.

SIRIUS BLACK

Trust yourself.  No matter the
challenges you face -- and I fear
they will be many -- you'll be
surprised how many times you can
find the answers....here.

SIRIUS BLACK

A shooting star.  Make a wish.

HERMIONE

We have to go.

DUMBLEDORE

By the way, when in doubt, I
always find retracing my steps to
be a wise place to begin... Good
luck.

DUMBLEDORE

Well?

HARRY

He's free -- Sirius.  We... we did
it.

DUMBLEDORE

Did what?

RON

How'd you two get over there?  I
was just talking to you... over
there.

HERMIONE

What d'you think, Harry?  Too much
for him -- everything that's
happened tonight?

HARRY

Afraid so.  Always been a bit of
the nervous type, Ron has.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Hello, Harry.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Saw you coming.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I've looked worse, believe me.

HARRY

You've been sacked.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Resigned, actually.

HARRY

Resigned!  But why!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

It seems that someone has let slip
the nature of my condition.

HARRY

Snape.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Whoever.  It was bound to get out.
This time tomorrow, the owls will
start arriving.  Parents will not
want a -- someone like me --
teaching their children.

HARRY

But Dumbledore --

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Has already risked enough on my
behalf.  Besides, people like me,
well... let's just say I'm used to
this by now.  But before I go,
tell me about your Patrons.

HARRY

Well.  At first I thought it was a
horse, or perhaps a unicorn, but I
think it was --

PROFESSOR LUPIN

A stag.

HARRY

Yes.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Your father used to transform into
one.  That's how he was able to
keep me company when I became...
sick.  He was a great friend
James.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Mischief managed.

RON

Stand back, I said!  I'll take it
upstairs if you don't settle!

NEVILLE

Harry!  Wherever did you get it!

SEAMUS

Can I have a go, Harry?  After
you, of course --

RON

Quiet!
Thank you.  Let the man through.

HARRY

Whose is that?

RON

Whose is it?  It's yours, mate.

HARRY

But... how?  Who?

HERMIONE

It's a mystery.  Though... this
fell out of the wrapping.

HARRY

That's a Hippogriff feather --

SEAMUS

Go on, Harry.

NEVILLE

Yeah.  Let's see.

FRED

What's wrong?

GEORGE

What's wrong?

HARRY

I don't think it works.  I think
it's defective.

HARRY

Oh, come on now.  It's just a
broom.

HAGRID

Just a broom.

HARRY

The fastest broom in the world.

We hone in on a snake crawling through the undergrowth.

TITLES

INT. DARK ROOM - NIGHT TIME

An old man lights a gas oven with a match, he is preparing food.
He notices a light on in the large house opposite, he stops what
he's doing and walks to the door.

OLD MAN
Bloody kids.

He leaves the house and heads towards the light.


EXT. DARKNESS

The old man is wandering up to the house carrying a lit torch.
He opens the front door, inside is just as dark. He begins climbing
the stairs, we hear whispers and hushed voices coming from upstairs.
The old man waits outside the room where the conversation is
taking place and listens on.

WORMTAIL
Oh no no no my Lord Voldemort. I only
meant... perhaps if we were to do it
without the boy..

VOLDEMORT
NO! The boy is everything, it cannot
be done without him and it WILL be done
exactly as I say.

UNKNOWN MAN
I will not disappoint you my lord.


VOLDEMORT
Good. First, gather our old comrades.
Send them a sign.

A snake slithers past the old man and into the room.

VOLDEMORT
Nagini tells me the old caretaker is
standing outside the door.

Wormtail stands in the doorway and looks at the old man. The
old man looks terrified.

VOLDEMORT
Step aside so I can give our guest a
proper greeting.

A loud spell is cast and Harry wakes up in a flash of panic.



INT. BEDROOM

HERMIONE
Harry!

Harry is flustered and still panicing.

HERMIONE
Are you alright?

HARRY
Hermione. Bad dream. When did you get
here?

HERMIONE
Just now. You?

HARRY
Last night.

Hermione goes over to Ron's bed.

HERMIONE
Wake up. Wake up Ronald!

RON
Bloody hell.

HERMIONE
Honestly. Get dressed, and don't go
back to sleep. Come on Ron! Your mother
says breakfast's ready.


EXT. GRASSLAND

HARRY
Where are we actually going?

RON
Don't know. Hey Dad! Where are we going?


ARTHUR
Haven't the foggiest, keep up!

AMOS
Arthur! It's about time son.

ARTHUR
Sorry Amos. Some of us had a bit of
a sleepy start. This is Amos Diggory
everyone, he works with me at the ministry.
And this strapping young lad must be
Cedric, am I right?

CEDRIC
Yes sir.

AMOS
Merlin's beard, you must be Harry Potter.


HARRY
Yes sir. This way.

AMOS
Great great pleasure.

They shake hands.

HARRY
Pleasure to meet you too sir.

They walk on up the hill.

ARTHUR
That's it sir, just over there.

AMOS
Shall we? We don't want to be late.


Camera homes in on a boot on top of the hillside.

HARRY
Why are they all standing around that
manky old boot?

FRED
That isn't just any old manky boot mate.


GEORGE
It's a portkey.

Everyone is in a circle putting their hands on the boot.

AMOS
Time to go. Ready?

HARRY
What's a 'portkey'?

AMOS
After 3. One... Two...

ARTHUR
Harry!

Harry rushes over and puts his hand on the boot.

AMOS
Three!

There's a white flash and suddenly they're all flying through
the air. Everyone cheers.

ARTHUR
Let go kids!

HERMIONE
What??

ARTHUR
Let! Go!

Harry, Hermione and the young Weasleys crash to the ground with
a thump. Arthur, Amos and Cedric come down more gracefully.


ARTHUR
I bet that cleared your sinuses eh?


Cedric helps Harry to his feet.

HARRY
Thanks.

They walk across the field and we see there's a massive crowd
gathered and cheering, tents are set up all over.

ARTHUR
Well kids, welcome to the Quidditch
World Cup!

They walk into the crowd, taking in the sights. Music is playing
and people fly about overhead on brooms. They approach a small
tent.

AMOS
Parting of the waves I think old chap,
see you at the match.

Amos and Cedric separate and walk off.

HARRY
See ya later Cedric.

ARTHUR
Home sweet home.


INT. TENT

They enter the tent, the inside is many times bigger than the
outside.

ARTHUR
Girls. Choose a bunk and unpack. Ron,
get out of the kitchen we're all hungry.


TWINS
Yeah get out of the kitchen Ron.

ARTHUR
Feet off the table.

TWINS
Feet off the table.

They take their feet off the table and put them back on as soon
as Arthur has walked past.

HARRY
(Smiling) I love magic.


EXT. HILLSIDE

We pan up the hillside onto a large stadium which seems to have
a huge number of floors.

INT. STADIUM

The Weasleys and Harry are finding their seats.

RON
Blimey Dad, how far up ARE we?

Lucius Malfoy and Draco are walking below them.

LUCIUS
Well put it this way, if it rains...
you'll be the first to know

DRACO
Father and I are in the minister's box,
by personal invitation of Cornelius
Fudge himself.

LUCIUS
Don't boast Draco. There's no need with
these people. Do enjoy yourself won't
you. While you can.

The ceremonies begin. Balloons fly and fireworks go off.

ARTHUR
Come on up, take your seats. I told
you these seats would be worth waiting
for.

GEORGE
Come on!

FRED
It's the Irish!

Five green and white figures fly through the air on their brooms
leaving a colored trail behind them. A glittering leprechaun
appears in the sky and starts dancing. Everyone is excited.


GEORGE
Here come the Bulgarians!

Five red figures this time, one of them performs a stunt on his
broom. One of them appears on the large screen. The crowd begins
to chant 'Krum, Krum, Krum'.

WEASLEYS
Krum!!!

GEORGE
Yes!

Viktor Krum waves to the crowd.

ANNOUNCER
Good evening! It gives me great pleasure
to welcome each and every one of you
to the final of the 422nd Quidditch
World Cup. Let the match begin!


INT. TENT

RON
There's no one like Krum. He's like
a bird the way he rides the wind. He's
more than an athlete, he's an artist.


The twins are bumbling about in a comical way muttering 'KRUMMMM'.


GINNY
Think you're in love Ron?

TWINS
(Singing) Viktor I love you! Viktor
I do!

Harry joins in.

BOYS
When we're apart my heart beats only
for youuu!

FRED
Sounds like the irish have got their
pride on.

ARTHUR
Stop! Stop it. It's not the irish. We've
gotta get out of here. Now.


EXT. OUTSIDE THE TENT

ARTHUR
Get back to the portkey everybody, and
stick together. Fred, George... Ginny
is your responsibility.

Some figures in pointed hoods carrying flaming torches are walking
across the campsite chanting ominous noises. The crowd is paniced
and rushing all over. Harry is trampled unconscious.


EXT. OUTSIDE - TIME PASSED

The crowds have all gone. A man walks through the rubble kicking
at things. He casts a spell which causes a bright flash and a
large ghostly skull forms in the sky with a snake crawling from
it. The man grins evilly, clearly demented. Harry stirs and witnesses
the man standing there. Harry runs. The familiar voices of Ron
and Hermione are calling for him.

RON
Been looking for you for ages. Thought
we lost you.

HARRY
What is THAT?

They look at the monstrous thing in the sky, Harry holds his
head in pain. Suddenly they are fired on.

ARTHUR
Stop! That's my son.

Arthur and others approach.

ARTHUR
Ron, Harry, Hermione are you alright?


BARTY
Which of you conjured this?

ARTHUR
You can't possibly..

BARTY
Do not lie! You have been discovered
at the scene of the crime!

HARRY
Crime?

ARTHUR
Barty, they're just kids.

HARRY
What crime?

HERMIONE
Harry it's his mark.

HARRY
Those people tonight, in the masks...
they're his too aren't they? they're
his followers.

BARTY
Follow me.

HARRY
There was a man. Before. There.

BARTY
All of you, this way.

ARTHUR
Harry, who?

HARRY
I dunno. I didn't see his face.


INT. TRAIN CARRIAGE

Harry, Ron and Hermione are seated on a train. A voice calls
out.

LADY OFFSCREEN
Anything from the trolley? Anything
from the trolley?

The lady appears at their door.

LADY
Anything from the trolley dears?

RON
Packet of drewbals and a liquorice wand.


Ron sees he hasn't enough money.

RON
On second thought, just the drewbals.


HARRY
It's alright I'll get it.

RON
Just the drewbals, thanks.

Cho Chan walks up to the trolley.

CHO
Two pumpkin pasties please.

Harry and Cho look at each other and smile.

CHO
Thank you.

LADY
Anything sweet for you dear?

HARRY
Oh no thank you I'm not hungry.

HERMIONE
This is horrible, how can the ministry
not know who conjured it. Isn't there
any security or?

RON
Loads according to Dad, that's what
worried them so much. Happened right
under their noses.

Hermione sees Harry rubbing his head.

HERMIONE
It's hurting again isn't it, your scar.


HARRY
I'm fine.

HERMIONE
You know Sirius will want to hear about
this. What you saw at the world cup,
and the dream.

Harry has written a letter, he marks Sirius Black on an envelope
and gives it to an owl.


EXT. HOGWARTS

We see four flying horses flying through the air pulling a carriage
coming in to land at Hogwarts. The crowds cheer.

HAGRID
Clear the runway.

HARRY
Well there's something you don't see
every day.

A large ship emerges from under the water and approaches too.


DUMBLEDORE
Now we're all settled in and sorted,
I'd like to make an announcement. This
castle will not only be your home this
year but home to some very special guests
as well. You see Hogwarts has been choosen...


A man runs up the aisle limping in a comical way, he whispers
something to Dumbledore and leaves in the same fashion.

DUMBLEDORE
So Hogwarts has been choosen to host
a legendary event. The Tri-Wizard tournament.
Now for those of you who do not know,
the tri-wizard tournament brings together
three schools for a series of magical
contests. From each school a single
contestant is selected to compete. Now
let me be clear, if choosen you stand
alone. And trust me when I say these
contests are not for the faint hearted,
but more of that later. For now please
join me in welcoming the lovely ladies
of the Beauxbatons Academy of magic
and their headmistress Madam Maxime.


A group of girls dressed in blue dance up the aisle and release
butterflies into the air. They bow and everyone applauds.

STUDENT
Blimey, that's one big woman.

DUMBLEDORE
And now our friends from the north,
please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang
and the high master Igor Karkaroff.


A series of older boys walk up the aisle brandishing bo staffs,
twirling them around and periodically stabbing them into the
ground with a spark effect.

RON
Blimey it's him, Viktor Krum!

The boys breathe some fire.

IGOR
Albus!

DUMBLEDORE
Igor.

They embrace.


EXT. HOGWARTS - STORMY - NIGHT

MADAME MAXIME
Professor Dumbledore, my horses have
travelled a long way. They will need
attending to.

DUMBLEDORE
Not to worry Madame Maxime, our gamekeeper
Hagrid's more than capable of seeing
to them.

MADAME MAXIME
But you know Monsieur Hagrid, they drink
only single malt whiskey.

The man seated next to Hagrid yelps. Hagrid has stabbed a fork
into his hand.

MAN
You idiot!


INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM

DUMBLEDORE
Your attention please! I would like
to say a few words. Eternal glory, that
is what awaits the student who wins
the tri-wizard tournament. But to do
this that student must survive three
tasks. Three extremely dangerous tasks.


FRED
Wicked.

DUMBLEDORE
For this reason the ministry has seen
fit to impose a new rule. To explain
all this we have the head of the department
of international magic cooperation Mister
Bartimus Crouch.

Thunder roars overhead, rain begins leaking through the roof
and screams break out. A strange man stands in the doorway, he
casts some magic upwards and seals the roof. Peace is restored.


RON
Bloody hell, it's Mad-Eye Moody.

HERMIONE
Alastor Moody? The aura.

RON
He was a catcher. Half the cells in
Azkaban are full thanks to him. He's
supposed to be mad as a hatter though
these days.

This character enters the room and begins walking. We see Harry
through his mechanical eye. He limps, breathing heavily as he
goes.

DUMBLEDORE
My dear old friend, thanks for coming.


MAD-EYE
That stupid roof.

Mad-Eye takes a drink.

PUPIL
What's that he's drinking do you suppose?


HARRY
I don't know but I don't think it's
Pumpkin Juice.

BARTY
After much deliberation the ministry
has concluded that for their own safety
no student under the age of seventeen
shall be allowed to put forth their
name for the tri-wizard tournament.
This decision is final.

The crowd is unsettled, people are booing.

GEORGE
That's rubbish! You don't know what
you're doing!

DUMBLEDORE
Silence!

Dumbledore casts magic over a box which melds into a goblet containing
a blue flame.

DUMBLEDORE
The goblet of fire. Anyone wishing to
submit themselves for the tournament
merely write their name upon a piece
of parchment and throw it in the flame
before this hour on Thursday night.
Do not do so lightly, if choosen there's
no turning back. As from this moment
the tri-wizard tournament has begun.



INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM - NIGHT

We see a suspicious character enter the room where the goblet
is still burning and close the door behind him.


INT. CLASSROOM

MAD-EYE
Alastor Moody.

He writes his name on the board.

MAD-EYE
Ministry malcontent. And your new defence
against the dark arts teacher. I'm here
because Dumbledore asked me, end of
story, goodbye, the end. Any questions?
When it comes to the dark arts, I believe
in a practical approach. But first,
which of you can tell me how many unforgivable
curses there are?

HERMIONE
Three sir.

MAD-EYE
And they are so named?

HERMIONE
Because they are unforgivable. Use of
any one of them will...

MAD-EYE
Will earn you a one way ticket to Azkaban.
Correct. Now the ministry says you're
too young to see what these curses do.
I say different! You need to know what
you're up against, you need to be prepared,
you need to find somewhere else to put
your chewing gum other than the underside
of your desk Mr Finnigan!

PUPIL
Aw no way, the old codger can see out
the back of his head.

Mad-Eye throws the chalk in anger.

MAD-EYE
So, which curse shall we see first?
WEASLEY!

RON
Yes...

MAD-EYE
Give us a curse.

RON
Well, my dad did tell me about one...
The imperious curse.

MAD-EYE
Ahhh yes, your father would know all
about that. Gave the ministry quite
a bit of grief a few years ago. Perhaps
this will show you why.

Mad-Eye pops open a jar with a spider in it.

MAD-EYE
Hello. What a little beauty.

He uses his wand to send it around the class.

MAD-EYE
Don't worry. Completely harmless.

The class is unsettled.

MAD-EYE
But if she bites... she's lethal!

Draco laughs.

MAD-EYE
What are you laughing at?

Mad-Eye sends the spider onto Draco's face.

MAD-EYE
Talented isn't she? What shall I have
her do next? Jump out the window? Drown
herself?

Mad-Eye has the spider over a bucket of water, it's wriggling.


MAD-EYE
Scores of witches and wizards have claimed
that they only do did you-know-whose
bidding under the influence of the imperious
curse. But here's the rub, how do we
sort out the liars? Another.. another..
Come on come on. Longbottom is it? Up.


Neville Longbottom stands.

MAD-EYE
Professor Sprout tells me you have an
aptitude for herbology.

NEVILLE
There's the um... The cruciatus curse.


MAD-EYE
Correct! Correct! come come. Particularly
nasty. The torture curse.

Mad-Eye begins torturing the spider with magic, it squeals.


HERMIONE
Stop it! Can't you see it's bothering
him, stop it!

Mad-Eye stops. Neville is disturbed. Mad-Eye picks up the spider
which is still making a noise.

MAD-EYE
Perhaps you could give us the last unforgivable
curse Miss Granger.

Hermione shakes her head. He casts a spell and the spider disintegrates.


MAD-EYE
The killing curse. Only one person is
known to have survived it. And he's
sitting in this room.

He approaches Harry's desk and takes a drink.


INT. STAIRS

RON
Brilliant isn't he! Completely demented
of course. Terrifying to be in the same
room with, he's really BEEN there you
know.

HERMIONE
There's a reason those curses are unforgivable,
and to perform them in a classroom.
I mean did you see Neville's face.


They see a boy on the stairs facing the window.

HERMIONE
Neville?

Mad-Eye approaches Neville and pats him on the shoulder.

MAD-EYE
Son. You alright?

Neville nods.

MAD-EYE
Come on, we'll have a cup of tea. I
want to show you something.


INT. GOBLET ROOM

Older students are placing their names into the flame and others
are applauding, Cedric is one of them.

RON
Eternal glory, be brilliant wouldn't
it? In three years from now we'll be
old enough to be choosen.

HARRY
Yeah well rather you than me.

The twins come up cheering.

GEORGE
Thank you thank you, well lads we've
done it.

FRED
Cooked it up just this morning.

HERMIONE
It's not going to work.

FRED
Oh yeah? And why's that Granger.

HERMIONE
You see this? This is an age line. Dumbledore
drew it himself.

FRED
So?

HERMIONE
So a genius like Dumbledore couldn't
possibly be fooled by something pathetically
dimwitted such as an age potion.

GEORGE
That's why it's so brilliant.

GEORGE
Ready Fred?

FRED
Ready George?

They jump inside the age line, and cheer. They put their names
in the flame and do a high-five. The flame fires up and they're
flung across the room onto the floor. When they get up they have
full heads of grey hair and beards.

GEORGE
You said..

Fred You said..

They roll around fighting on the floor and the crowd cheer. The
room suddenly becomes silent as Viktor Krum walks in and puts
his name in the flame. He looks at Hermione and she smiles.



INT. GOBLET ROOM - THURSDAY NIGHT

DUMBLEDORE
Sit down please. And now the moment
you've all been waiting for, the champions
selection!

Dumbledore approaches the blue flame and it glows red. A name
comes out. Everyone looks on anxiously.

DUMBLEDORE
The Durmstrang champion is ... Viktor
Krum!

The Durmstrang crowd cheer. Another name comes out.

DUMBLEDORE
The champion from Beauxbatons... Fleur
Delacour

The Beauxbatons girls cheer as Fleur walks up. Another name comes
out.

DUMBLEDORE
The Hogwarts champion... Cedric Diggory.


Hogwarts pupils cheer as Cedric takes the stage.

DUMBLEDORE
Excellent! we now have our three champions!
But in the end only one will go down
in history. Only one will hoist this
chalice of champions, this vessel of
victory the tri-wizard cup!

People cheer, but the goblet glows red once more and another
name flies out. Dumbledore takes it and reads...

DUMBLEDORE
Harry Potter. Harry Potter?

HAGRID
No... No.

DUMBLEDORE
Harry Potter!

HERMIONE
Go on Harry. Harry for goodness sake.


Harry slowly walks up. Dumbledore gives him the paper. Voices
in the crowd shout out.

VOICE
He's a cheat! He's not even seventeen
yet.


INT. ROOM

Harry is in a room with the other champions. Dumbledore bursts
in and grabs Harry.

DUMBLEDORE
Harry! Did you put your name in the
goblet of fire?

HARRY
No sir.

DUMBLEDORE
Did you ask one of the older students
to do it for you?

HARRY
No sir.

DUMBLEDORE
You're absolutely sure?

HARRY
Yes sir.

MADAME MAXIME
Well of course he is lying.

MAD-EYE
The hell he is. The goblet of fire is
an exceptionally powerful magical object,
only an exceptionally powerful conjurer
could have hoodwinked it. Magic way
beyond the talents of a fourth year.


IGOR
You seem to have given this a fair bit
of thought Mad-Eye.

MAD-EYE
It was once my job to think as dark
wizards do Karkaroff perhaps you remember?


DUMBLEDORE
That doesn't help Alastor. Leave this
to you Barty.

BARTY
The rules are absolute, the goblet of
fire constitutes a binding magical contract.
Mr Potter has no choice, he is as of
tonight... a tri-wizards champion.



INT. DARKENED TOWER ROOM

MCGONAGALL
This can't go on Albus. First the dark
mark, now this?

DUMBLEDORE
What do you suggest Minerva?

MCGONAGALL
Put an end to it. Don't let Potter compete.


DUMBLEDORE
You heard Barty the rules are clear.


MCGONAGALL
Well the devil with Barty and his rules.
And since when did you accomodate them...


SNAPE
Master I too find it difficult to believe
this mere coincidence, if we are to
truly discover the meaning of these
events perhaps we should for the time
being let them unfold.

MCGONAGALL
Do nothing?? Offer him up as bait? Potter
is a boy not a piece of meat.

DUMBLEDORE
I agree with Severus. Alastor, keep
an eye on Harry will you?

MAD-EYE
I can do that.

DUMBLEDORE
Don't let him know though, he must be
anxious enough as it is... knowing what
lies ahead. Then again, we all are.



INT. BEDROOM

RON
How did you do it?

Harry is silent.

RON
Never mind. Doesn't matter. You could
have let your best friend know though.


HARRY
Let you know what?

RON
You know bloody well what.

HARRY
I didn't ask for this to happen Ron.
Okay? You're being stupid.

RON
Yeah that's me, Ron Weasley... Harry
Potter's stupid friend.

HARRY
I didn't put my name in that cup. I
don't WANT eternal glory I just wanna
be.. Look, I don't know what happened
tonight and I don't know why, it just
did ok.

RON
Piss off.


INT. HOGWARTS

A woman appears in a puff of smoke. She's well groomed and dressed
colorfully.

RITA
What a charismatic quartet. Hello!


The four tri-wizard champions are stood together in a group.
She walks over to them and shakes each of their hands.

RITA
I'm Rita Skeeter, I write for the daily
prophet. But of course you know that
don't you. It's you we don't know, you're
the news. What quirks lurk beneath those
rosy cheeks? what mysteries do the muscles
mask? does courage lie beneath those
curls? In short, what makes a champion
tick. Me, myself and I want to know.
Not to mention my rabid readers. So,
who's feeling up to sharing? Mmm? Shall
we start with the youngest. Lovely.


She takes Harry by the hand into a closet.

RITA
This is cosy.

HARRY
It's a broomcupboard.

RITA
You should feel right at home then.
Don't mind if I use the quill do you?


HARRY
Oh, no.

RITA
So Harry, here you sit, a mere boy of
twelve..

HARRY
I'm fourteen.

RITA
...about to compete against three students.
Not only vastly more emotionally mature
than yourself but have mastered spells
that you wouldn't attempt in your dizziest
daydreams. Concerned?

HARRY
I dunno I haven't really thought about
it.

RITA
Course you're not just any ordinary
boy of twelve are you...

HARRY
Fourteen.

RITA
The story's legend. Do you think it
was the trauma of your past that made
you so keen to enter such a dangerous
tournament.

HARRY
No I didn't enter.

RITA
Course you didn't. Everyone loves a
rebel Harry. (to the quill) Scratch
that last. Speaking of your parents,
were they alive, how do you think they'd
feel? proud? or concerned that your
attitude shows at best a pathological
need for attention, at worst a psychotic
deathwish.

HARRY
(looking at the notepad) Hey, my eyes
aren't glistening with the ghosts of
my past.


INT. ROOFTOP

An owl flies in with a letter for Harry, he takes it and begins
to read.

SIR
(VOICEOVER) Harry. I couldn't risk sending
Edward. It was since the world cup and
the ministry's been intercepting more
and more owls and she's too easily recognised.
We need to talk Harry. Face to face.
Meet me in the Griffindore common room
at one o clock this Saturday night and
make sure you're alone. P.S....

The owl nips Harry's finger.

HARRY
AGH!

SIR
(VOICEOVER CONT'D) The bird bites.



INT. GRIFFINDORE COMMON ROOM

HARRY
Sirius?

Harry picks up a newspaper, the headline reads "THE CHAMPIONS
ARE SELECTED" and reads.

RITA
(VOICEOVER) Harry Potter aged 12, suspect
entrant in the tri-wizard tournament.
His eyes swimming with the ghosts of
his...

Her voice becomes desperate as he crumples up the newspaper and
puts it on the fire. The fire flares up a little, a face appears
in it.

HARRY
Sirius?! How...

SIR
I don't have much time Harry so let
me get straight to it. Did you or did
you not put your name into the goblet
of fire?

HARRY
No!

SIR
Shh... I had to ask. Now, tell me about
this dream of yours. You mentioned Wormtail
and Voldemort, but who was the third
man in the room?

HARRY
I dunno.

SIR
You didn't hear a name?

HARRY
No. Umm.. Voldemort was giving him a
job to do. Something important.

SIR
What was that?

HARRY
He wanted... me. I dunno why, but he
was gonna use this man to get to me.
I mean it was only a dream right?


SIR
Yes. It's just a dream. Look Harry,
the deatheaters at the world cup, your
name rising from that goblet these are
not just coincidences. Hogwarts isn't
safe any more.

HARRY
What are you saying?

SIR
I'm saying the devils are inside the
walls. Igor Karkaroff, he was a deatheater.
And no one, no one stops being a deatheater.
Then there's Barty Crouch, heart of
stone, sent his OWN son to Azkaban.


HARRY
Do you think one of them put my name
in the goblet?

SIR
I haven't a clue who put your name in
that goblet Harry but whoever did it
is no friend to you. People die in this
tournament.

HARRY
I'm not ready for this Sirius.

SIR
You don't have a choice.

HARRY
Someone's coming!

SIR
Keep your friends close Harry.

Ron enters the room.

RON
Who you talking to?

HARRY
Who says I was talking to anyone.

RON
I heard voices.

HARRY
Maybe you're imagining things, wouldn't
be the first time.

RON
You're probably just practicing for
your next interview I expect.

Ron leaves. Harry goes to the fire again but Sirius is gone.
The newspaper in the fire has the headline "TEENAGE TRAGEDY".



EXT. LAKESIDE

NEVILLE
Amazing. Amazing.

HARRY
Neville! You're doing it again!

NEVILLE
Oh, right sorry.

HARRY
(reading a book) Magical water plants
of the highland Lochs?

NEVILLE
Moody gave it to me. That day we had
tea.

Neville waves. Hermione and Ron are walking up to them.

HERMIONE
(Whispering to Ron) We've already been
through enough people why don't you
just go and do it yourself? Ughh. What
do you want me to say again?

Ron whispers some words to Hermione. It's clear Ron and Harry
are not on speaking terms.

Hermione walks up to Harry.

HERMIONE
Ronald would like me to tell you that
Seamus told him that Dean was told by
Parvati that Hagrid was looking for
you.

HARRY
Is that right? Well.... what?

HERMIONE
Uhhh...

She walks back to Ron for more whispering and comes back.

HERMIONE
Dean was told by Parvati that... Please
don't ask me say it again. Hagrid's
looking for you.

HARRY
Well you can tell Ronald...

HERMIONE
I'm NOT an owl!


INT. FOREST

Harry and Hagrid are walking through a dark forest.

HAGRID
Did you bring your father's cloak like
I asked you?

HARRY
Yeah I brought the cloak. Hagrid where
are we going?

HAGRID
You'll see soon enough. Pay attention
this is important.

HARRY
What's with the flower? Hagrid have
you combed your hair?

Hagrid is looking more dapper than usual and is carrying a big
red flower.

HAGRID
As a matter of fact I have. You might
like to try the same thing now and again.


We hear animal noises. Madame Maxime calls out to Hagrid.

MADAME MAXIME
Hagrid?

HAGRID
Oh, the cloak. Put the cloak on.

Harry does as he's told.

HAGRID
Bonsoir Olympe.

MADAME MAXIME
Oh Hagrid. I thought you weren't coming,
I thought perhaps... you had... forgotten
me.

HAGRID
Couldn't forget you Olympe.

MADAME MAXIME
What is it you want to show me? When
we spoke earlier you sounded so exhilirated.


HAGRID
You'll be glad you came. Trust me.


A dragon nearby gives a loud roar.

MADAME MAXIME
Ahh, c'est magnifique!

In an opening we see people are running about, dragons are roaring
and breathing fire.

MADAME MAXIME
Can we get closer?

HARRY
Dragons? That's the first task? You're
joking.

HAGRID
Come on Harry. They're seriously misunderstood
creatures.

A huge flame fires up.

HAGRID
Although, I have to admit that horntail
is a right nasty piece of work. Poor
Ron nearly fainted just seeing him you
know.

HARRY
Ron was here?

HAGRID
Oh sure. His brother Charlie helped
bring him over from Romania. Didn't
Ron tell you that?

HARRY
No he didn't. He didn't tell me a thing.



EXT. HOGWARTS - DAYTIME

We're zoomed in on a badge, it depicts Cedric on a bright yellow
background. Then the badge spins and shows Harry on a green background
with the words "Potter Stinks" on it. As Harry walks along other
pupils aim insults at him saying he stinks. A young boy runs
past.

BOY
Cedric rules!

HARRY
Thanks.

Harry gets to a doorway, two pupils stand in his way.

BOY
Like the badge?

HARRY
Excuse me..

They laugh, Harry pushes his way through. He approaches Cedric
who is standing around with his friends. Cedric's friends hurl
off more insults.

HARRY
(to Cedric) Can I have a word?

CEDRIC
Alright.

They walk away some distance.

HARRY
Dragons. That's the first task. They've
got one for each of us.

CEDRIC
Are you serious? And Fleur and Krum,
do they...?

HARRY
Yes.

CEDRIC
Right. Hey listen, about the badges.
I've asked them not to wear them.


HARRY
Don't worry about it.

Ron and Seamus are walking along. Harry approaches them.

HARRY
(To Ron) You're a right foul git you
know that?

RON
You think so?

HARRY
I know so.

RON
Anything else?

HARRY
Yeah. Stay away from me.

RON
Fine.


Draco calls out, he's sitting up a tree.

DRACO
Why so tense Potter? My father and I
have a bet you see. I don't think you're
gonna last ten minutes in this tournament.
He disagrees. He thinks you won't last
FIVE.

HARRY
I don't give a damn what you or your
father thinks Malfoy. He's vile and
cruel, and you're just pathetic.

Harry walks away and Draco angrily tries casting a spell. Mad-Eye
appears and quickly turns Malfoy into a ferret.

MAD-EYE
I'll teach you to cast when someone's
back is turned.

MCGONAGALL
Professor Moody what are you doing?


MAD-EYE
Teaching.

MCGONAGALL
Is that a student?

MAD-EYE
Technically it's a ferret.

Mad-Eye is making the ferret hover around. He sends it up the
trouser leg of one of Draco's friends. He squirms and looks uncomfortable.
Everyone else is laughing. Mad-Eye winks to Harry and he laughs.
Eventually it comes back out and McGonagall turns Draco back
to normal.

DRACO
My father will hear about this!

MAD-EYE
Is that a threat!

Draco runs away. Mad-Eye shouts after him.

MAD-EYE
I could tell you stories about your
father that would curl even your greasy
hair boy! It doesn't end here!

MCGONAGALL
We never use transfigration as a punishment,
surely Dumbledore told you that.

MAD-EYE
He might've mentioned it.

MCGONAGALL
Well you will do well to remember it.


MAD-EYE
(To Harry) come with me.


INT. MAD-EYE'S ROOM

Mad-Eye takes off his prosthetic leg and takes a seat.

MAD-EYE
That's a foal glass. Lets me keep an
eye on my enemies. If I can see the
whites of their eyes they're standing
right behind me.

A noise emerges from a trunk on the floor and it shakes.

MAD-EYE
Wouldn't even bother telling you what's
in ther. You wouldn't believe it if
I did. Now... what are you going to
do about your dragon?

HARRY
Oh... um... You know I just thought
I'd...

MAD-EYE
Sit. Listen to me Potter. Your pal Diggory,
by your age he could take a whistle
into a watch and have it sing you the
time. Miss Delacour, she's as much a
fairy princess as I am. As for Krum,
his head may be filled with sawdust
but Karkaroff's is NOT. They'll have
a strategy, and you can bet that it'll
play to Krum's strengths. Hmm? Come
on Potter. What are your strengths?


HARRY
Um... I dunno.. I can fly. I mean I'm
a fair flyer.

MAD-EYE
Better than fair the way I heard it.


HARRY
But I'm not allowed a broom.

MAD-EYE
You're allowed a wand.


EXT. ARENA - TOURNAMENT STAGE 1

The crowds are cheering, people are taking bets.


INT. WAITING TENT

Harry is pacing nervously. Hermione is standing by the tent door
whispering in.

HERMIONE
Pssst! Harry? Is that you?

HARRY
Yeah.

HERMIONE
How are you feeling? OK? The key is
to concentrate. After that you just
have to...

HARRY
Battle a dragon.

Hermione enters the tent and they hug. A bright camera flashes,
Rita Skeeter the journalist approaches.

RITA
Young love! Ohh how.. stirring. If everything
goes unfortunately today you might make
the front page.

VIKTOR
(To Rita) You have no business here.
This tent is for champions and friends.


RITA
No matter. We've got what we wanted.


Rita leaves and Dumbledore enters.

DUMBLEDORE
Good day champions. Gather round please.
Now you've waited, you've wondered and
at last the moment has arrived. The
moment only four of you can fully appreciate.


The champions gather around him in a circle.

DUMBLEDORE
What are you doing here Miss Granger?


HERMIONE
Oh um.. Sorry I'll just go.

DUMBLEDORE
Barty. The bag.

BARTY
Champions, in a circle around me. Miss
Delacour over here, Mr Krum, and Potter
over here. Right. Miss Delacour, if
you will...

Barty holds up a bag. Fleur takes out a little green dragon.


BARTY
The welsh green. Mr Krum...

Viktor takes another out

BARTY
The chinese fireball. Oooooh.

Cedric picks one.

BARTY
The swedish short-snout. Which leaves...


HARRY
The horntail...

BARTY
What's that boy?

HARRY
Nothing.

Harry puts his hand in the bag and pulls out the dragon.

BARTY
The hungarian horntail. These represent
very real dragons, each of which has
been given a golden egg to protect.
Your objective is simple, collect the
egg. This you must do, for each egg
contains a clue without which you cannot
hope to proceed to the next task. Any
questions?

DUMBLEDORE
Very well. Good luck champions. Mr Diggory
the sound of the cannon...

The cannon fires immediately.

Transcribed by IMSDb.com


INT. TENT

Harry is sitting alone nervously.

DUMBLEDORE
(VOICEOVER THE LOUDSPEAKER) Three of
our champions have now faced their dragons
and so each one of them will proceed
to the next task. And now our fourth
and final contestant.

Harry enters the rocky arena. The crowd are cheering his name.
He sees the golden egg sitting alone, he makes a run for it but
the dragon appears. Harry's forced to retreat behind a rock as
the dragon flames him. Harry stumbles and falls around the arena.


HERMIONE
Your wand harry! Your wand!

Harry summons a broom. He jumps on and flies off, the dragon
gives chase. The dragon bursts through the crowd and they look
stunned.


EXT. HOGWARTS SKY

Harry is flying at high speed around the Hogwarts buildings.
The dragon cuts him off and whips him off his broom, he lands
on the roof of Hogwarts, hanging on for dear life. The dragon
is clambering across the roof, strewing tiles as it goes. Harry
reaches his broom but it's stuck. He jerks it loose and lets
go of the roof just in time before the dragon swipes at him.
He falls a long way but regains control. He flies on to an area
with a bridge, he flies through a gap in the bridge but the dragon
crashes into it and falls into the water.


INT. ARENA

The crowds are mostly silent. We see Harry flying towards us
and the crowd erupts. He goes straight for the golden egg.



INT. HOGWARTS

Harry is lifting the golden egg, people around him cheering.
The Weasly twins have Harry sitting on their shoulders.

GEORGE
We knew you wouldn't die Harry.

FRED
Lose a leg.

GEORGE
Or an arm.

FRED
Pack it in altogether.

TWINS
NEVER!

SEAMUS
Go on Harry, what's the clue?

Seamus hands Harry the golden egg.

HARRY
Who wants me to open it? You want me
to open it?

He opens the egg and a loud horrific screech comes out, he closes
it again.

HARRY
What the bloody hell was that?

Ron appears in the doorway.

FRED
Alright everyone, go back to your knitting.
This is gonna be uncomfortable enough
without all you nosey sods listening
in.

RON
I reckon you'd have to be barking mad
to put your own name in the goblet of
fire.

HARRY
Caught on have you. Took you long enough.


RON
Wasn't just me who thought you'd done
it. Everyone was saying it behind your
back.

HARRY
Brilliant. That makes me feel loads
better.

RON
At least I warned you about the dragons.


HARRY
Hagrid warned me about the dragons.


RON
Oh no no, I did. Don't you remember?
I told Hermione to tell you that Seamus
told me that Parvati told Dean that
Hagrid was looking for you. Seamus never
actually told me anything, so it was
really me all along. I thought you'd
be alright, you know, after you figured
that out.

HARRY
Who could possibly figure that out?
That's completely mental.

RON
Yeah it is isn't it. Suppose I was a
bit distraught.

HERMIONE
Boys.


INT. CLASSROOM

Harry is looking at Cho. When she looks back he spills drink
from his mouth. They laugh at him.

HERMIONE
(Reading a newspaper) Look at this!
I can't believe it she's done it again.
Miss Granger a plain but ambitious girl
seems to be developing a taste for famous
wizards. Her latest prey sources report
is none other than the Bulgarian bon-bon
Viktor Krum. No word yet on how Harry
Potter's taking this latest emotional
blow.

A young boy walks up holding a package.

NIGEL
Parcel for you Mr Weasley.

RON
Thank you Nigel.

Nigel is gazing at Harry.

RON
Not now Nigel. Later. Go on.

Nigel leaves.

RON
I told him I'd get him Harry's autograph.
Oh look mum's sent me something. Mum
sent me a dress??

HARRY
Well it does match your eyes. Is there
a bonnet?

RON
Ginny these must be for you.

GINNY
I'm not wearing that it's ghastly.


Hermione laughs.

RON
What are you on about?

HERMIONE
They're not for Ginny they're for you!
Dress robes.

RON
Dress robes? for what?


INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM

MCGONAGALL
The yule ball has been a tradition of
the tri-wizard tournament since its
inception. On Christmas eve night we
and our guests gather in the great hall
for well mannered frivolity. As representitives
of the host school I expect each and
every one of you to put your best foot
forward, and I mean this literally because
the yule ball is first and foremost...
a dance.

Groans emerge from the boys who are listening on. The girls seem
a lot more excited.

MCGONAGALL
Silence. The house of Godrick Griffindore
has commanded the respect of the wizard
world for nearly ten centuries. I will
not have you in the course of a single
evening besmirching that name by behaving
like a babbling, bumbling band of baboons.


FRED
(Whispering to George) Try saying that
five times faster.

They try.

MCGONAGALL
(Continued) Now to dance is to let the
body breathe, inside every girl a secret
swan slumbers longing to burst forth
and take flight.

RON
(Whispering to Seamus) Something's about
to burst out of Hilary but I don't think
it's a swan.

MCGONAGALL
Inside every boy a lordly lion prepared
to prance. Mr Weasly, will you join
me.

She grabs Ron and pulls him up to dance.

MCGONAGALL
Now, place your right hand on my waist.


RON
Where?

MCGONAGALL
My waist.

He does so and a wolf whistle comes from the crowd.

MCGONAGALL
Now bend your arm. Mr Filch...

The music starts.

MCGONAGALL
One two three, one two three, one two
three.

HARRY
(To the Weasly twins) Oi! Never gonna
let him forget this are you?

TWINS
Never.

MCGONAGALL
Everybody come together.

The girls instantly stand and walk forward, the boys are all
still seated.

MCGONAGALL
Boys, on your feet.

Neville stands.


EXT. HOGWARTS - DAYTIME

HARRY
Why do they always have to travel in
packs? How are you supposed to get one
alone to ask them...

RON
Blimey Harry, you slayed dragons. If
you can't get a date who can?

HARRY
I think I'd take the dragon right now.


Groups of girls are giving them icy looks and turning their backs.



INT. HOGWARTS

Hagrid and Madame Maxime are walking together.

HAGRID
I take after my mum. Though I didn't
know her very well, she left when I
was about three. No, not the maternal
sort her, broke my dad's heart though.
You know he was a tiny little fellow
my dad, I could pick him up with one
hand by the age of six and put him up
in the dresser.

They laugh together and have a moment.

HAGRID
And then he died when I was still in
school. So I had to make me own way
as it were. But enough of me, what about
you!


EXT. LAKESIDE

Viktor Krum is training, a group of girls are following him around.



INT. CLASSROOM

RON
This is mad. At this rate we'll be the
only ones in our year without dates.


Severus Snape walks past and slaps Ron over the head.

RON
Well, us and Neville!

HARRY
But then again he can take himself.


HERMIONE
It might interest you to know that Neville's
already got someone.

Ron gasps.

RON
Now I'm really depressed.

Fred hands Ron a note, it reads "GET A MOVE ON OR ALL THE GOOD
ONES WILL HAVE GONE!".

RON
Well Hermione, you're a girl.

HERMIONE
Oh well spotted.

RON
Come on. It's one thing for a bloke
to show up alone. For a girl it's just
sad.

HERMIONE
I won't be going alone because believe
it or not someone's asked me. And I
said yes.

RON
Bloody hell.

Hermione storms off.

RON
Look. We've just got to grit our teeth
and do it. Tonight when we get back
to the common room, we'll both have
partners. Agreed?

HARRY
Agreed.


EXT. HOGWARTS - SNOWY

Harry is walking up some steps. He reaches the top and bumps
into Cho who has come around the corner.

CHO
Harry!

HARRY
Cho!

CHO
Watch yourself on the stairs, it's a
bit icey at the top.

HARRY
Ok thanks. Cho?

CHO
Yes?

HARRY
Um. (Mumbling) I just wondered if maybe
you wanted to go to the ball with me?


CHO
Sorry? I didn't catch that.

HARRY
Um. I was just wondering if maybe you
wanted to go to the ball with me.


CHO
Oh. Um. Harry I'm sorry but someone's
already asked me. And well I've said
I'll go with him.

HARRY
Ok. Great. Fine. No problem. Good.


CHO
Harry I really am sorry.


INT. COMMON ROOM

Ron is being helped into the room, he looks shaky.

HARRY
What happened to you?

GIRL
He just asked Fleur Delacour out.

HERMIONE
What?

HARRY
What did she say?

HERMIONE
No of course.

Ron shakes his head.

HERMIONE
She said yes??

HARRY
Don't be silly.

RON
There she was walking by. You know I
like it when they walk. I couldn't help
it, it just sort of slipped out.

GIRL
Actually he sort of screamed at her,
it was a bit frightening.

HARRY
What did you do then?

RON
What else? I ran for it. I'm not cut
out for this Harry. I don't know what
got into me.

The Patil twins walk past.

PATILS
Hi Harry.

HARRY
Hey!


INT. DANCEHALL

Soft music plays and everyone is well dressed, gathered in the
hall.


ELSEWHERE

Ron is getting dressed in front of a mirror. He looks paniced
and uncomfortable in his ridiculous dress robes.

RON
Bloody hell.

Harry walks in, he's dressed in a more conventional suit.

RON
What are those??

HARRY
My dress robes.

RON
Well they're alright. No lace, no dodgy
little collar.

HARRY
Well I expect yours are more traditional.


RON
Traditional?? They're ancient! I look
like my great aunt Tessie.

He sniffs at his clothes.

RON
I smell like my great aunt Tessie. Murder
me Harry.


INT. DANCEHALL

Harry and Ron are walking down the stairs into the hall. Ron
is fidgeting with his outfit.

HARRY
Leave it alone.

RON
Poor kid, bet she's alone in her room
crying her eyes out.

HARRY
Who?

RON
Hermione of course. Come on Harry, why'd
you think she wouldn't tell us who she's
coming with?

HARRY
Because we'd take the mickey out of
her if she did.

RON
Because nobody asked her. I would have
taken her myself if she weren't so bleeding
proud.

The boys approach the Patil twins.

PARVATI
Hello boys. Don't you look...

She looks at Ron.

PARVATI
... dashing.

MCGONAGALL
Here you are Potter. Are you and Miss
Patil ready?

HARRY
Ready professor?

MCGONAGALL
To dance. It's traditional that the
three champions or in this case four
are the first to dance. Surely I told
you that.

HARRY
No.

MCGONAGALL
Oh well now you know. Oh, as for your
Mr Weasly you may proceed into the great
hall with Miss Patil.

Hermione enters the room all dressed up.

PARVATI
She looks beautiful.

HARRY
Yeah she does.

Hermione walks down the stairs. Viktor Krum takes her hand and
they walk together.

PADMA
(To Ron) Is that Hermione Granger? With
Viktor Krum??

RON
No. Absolutely not.

Loud music plays as the champions head to the dancefloor with
their partners.

PARVATI
Harry. Take my waist.

HARRY
What?

PARVATI
Now.

They dance. Soon others are joining in, Dumbledore and McGonagall,
Mr Filch and his cat, Hagrid and Madame Maxime. Mad-Eye sits
on the sidelines drinking. The scene changes, the music is now
rock played by the Weird Sisters fronted by Jarvis Cocker from
Pulp. Cool!. The crowd is jumping. Harry, Ron and their dates
are sitting some distance away looking miserable. Hermione comes
up after a great time with Viktor.

HERMIONE
Hot isn't it? Viktor's gone to get drinks.
Care to join us?

RON
No, we'd NOT care to join you and Viktor.


HERMIONE
What's got your wand in a knot?

RON
He's a Durmstrang. You're fraternising
with the enemy.

HERMIONE
The enemy?? Who was it wanting his autograph?
Besides, the whole point of the tournament
is international magical cooperation,
to make friends.

RON
Hrmph, I think he's got a bit more than
friendship on his mind.

Hermione walks off.

PADMA
Are you going to ask me to dance or
not?

RON
No.


LATER

RON
(To Hermione) He's using you.

HERMIONE
How dare you! Besides I can take care
of myself.

RON
Doubt it. He's way too old.

HERMIONE
What? What? That's what you think?


RON
Yeah that is what I think.

HERMIONE
You know the solution then don't you.


RON
Go on.

HERMIONE
Next time there's a ball pluck up the
courage and ask me before somebody else
does, and not as a last resort.

RON
Well that's completely off the point.
Harry...

Harry walks up.

HERMIONE
Where have you been? Nevermind! Off
to bed both of you.

Harry and Ron walk away.

RON
They get scary when they get older.


HERMIONE
Ron you spoil everything!


INT. BEDROOM

NIGHTMARE SEQUENCE

We're back in the old house.

VOLDERMORT
Let me see it again.

A sleeve is rolled up and a marking of a skull and snake in on
the arm.

VOLDEMORT
Ah yes, the time is close now. Harry!
At last! Step aside Wormtail so I can
give our guest a proper greeting!


Harry wakes up. The floorboards are creaking, someone is walking
up to his bed. It's Neville.

NEVILLE
You alright Harry? I just got in. Me!


He chuckles and dances off.


EXT. A BRIDGE OUTSIDE HOGWARTS

HERMIONE
Harry you told me you'd figured the
egg out weeks ago. The task is two days
from now.

HARRY
Really? I had no idea. I suppose Viktor's
already figured it out.

HERMIONE
I wouldn't know, we didn't actually
talk about the tournament. Actually
we didn't really talk at all, Viktor's
more of a physical being. I just mean
he's not particularly... Mostly he watches
me study. It's a bit annoying actually.
You are trying to figure this egg out
aren't you?

HARRY
What's that supposed to mean?

HERMIONE
I mean these tasks are supposed to test
you, in the most brutal way they're
almost cruel. And um, I'm scared for
you. You got by the dragon mostly on
nerve, I'm not sure it's going to be
enough this time.

CEDRIC
Hey Potter.

HARRY
Cedric.

CEDRIC
How are you?

HARRY
Spectacular.

CEDRIC
Look I realise I never really thanked
you properly for tipping me off about
those dragons.

HARRY
Forget about it. I'm sure you would
have done the same for me.

CEDRIC
Exactly. You know the prefects bathroom
on the fifth floor?

Harry nods.

CEDRIC
It's not a bad place for a bath. Just
take your egg and mull things over in
the hot water.


INT. BATHROOM

Harry is taking his clothes off, he gets in the bath. He has
his golden egg on the side.

HARRY
I must be out of my mind.

He opens the egg and the horrible screech noise comes out.

MYRTLE
I'd try putting it in the water if I
were you.

HARRY
Myrtle!

MYRTLE
Long time no see.

The ghostly figure of little Myrtle flies around.

MYRTLE
I was circling a blocked drain the other
day and could swear I saw a bit of polyjuice
potion. Not being a bad boy again are
you Harry?

HARRY
Polyjuice potion! Kicked the habit.
Myrtle, did you say try putting it in
the water?

Myrtle flies around again and gets in the water.

MYRTLE
Well. That's what he did. The other
boy, the handsome one. Cedric.

Harry takes the egg and puts it under the water.

MYRTLE
Well go on, open it.

Harry does so and goes underwater himself. He hears a voice singing.


VOICE SINGING
Come seek us where our voices sound.
We cannot sing above the ground. An
hour long you'll have to look, to recover
what we took.

HARRY
Myrtle, there aren't Merpeople in the
black lake are there?

MYRTLE
Ahhh, very good. Took Cedric ages to
riddle it out. Almost all the bubbles
were gone...

Myrtle laughs and Harry is embarrassed.


INT. COMMON ROOM

HERMIONE
Harry, tell me again.

HARRY
Come seek us where our voices sound.


HERMIONE
The black lake, that's obvious.

HARRY
An hour long you'll have to look.

HERMIONE
Again obvious, though I must admit potentially
problematic

HARRY
Potentially problematic? When was the
last time you held your breath under
the water for an hour Hermione?

HERMIONE
Look Harry, we can do this. The three
of us can figure it out.

Mad-Eye Moody appears in the doorway.

MAD-EYE
Hate to break up this scholar session
but Professor McGonagall would like
to see you in her office. Not you Potter,
just Weasly and Granger.

HERMIONE
But sir, the second task is only hours
away and...

MAD-EYE
Exactly. Presumably Potter is well prepared
by now and could do with a good night's
sleep. Go. Now! Longbottom!

Neville appears from behind a bookcase.

MAD-EYE
Why don't you help Potter put his books
back.

NEVILLE
You know, if you're interested in plants
you'd be better with Gorshok's Guide
to Herbology. Do you know there's a
wizard in Nepal whose growing gravity
resistant trees?

HARRY
Neville. No offense, but I really don't
care about plants. Now if there's a
Tibetan turnip that will allow me to
breathe underwater for an hour then
great.

NEVILLE
I don't know about a turnip but you
can always use gilliweed.


EXT. LAKESIDE

The Weasly twins are shouting, busy taking bets. Harry is walking
along with Neville, he has some green plantlife in his hand.


HARRY
You're sure about this Neville.

NEVILLE
Absolutely.

HARRY
For an hour.

NEVILLE
Most likely.

HARRY
Most likely?

NEVILLE
Well there is some debate among herbologists
as to the effects of freshwater versus
saltwater.

HARRY
You're telling me this now? You must
be joking.

NEVILLE
I just wanted to help.

HARRY
Well that makes you sight better than
Ron and Hermione. Where are they anyway?


NEVILLE
You seem a little tense Harry.

HARRY
Do I?

DUMBLEDORE
(Over a loudspeaker) Welcome to the
second task. Last night something was
stolen from each of our champions. A
treasure of sorts. These four treasures,
one for each champion, now lie on the
bottom of the black lake. In order to
win each champion need only find their
treasure and return to the surface.
Simple enough. Except for this, they
will have one hour to do so and one
hour only. After that they'll be on
their own.

MAD-EYE
(To Harry) Put that in your mouth.


Harry puts the gilliweed in his mouth and starts choking.

DUMBLEDORE
(Continued) You may begin at the start
of the cannon.

The cannon fires and the champions enter the water, three of
them dive in while Harry is pushed. Underwater the effects of
gilliweed take hold, Harry's hands and feet become webbed.



EXT. ABOVE WATER

SEAMUS
What's the matter with him?

FRIEND
I don't know I can't see him.

NEVILLE
Oh my god I've killed Harry Potter!


Harry flies into the air like a dolphin and the crowd cheer.



EXT. UNDERWATER

Harry swims among the fish and rocks. Singing voices start echoing.
We see Fleur get trapped, she screams.


EXT. ABOVE WATER

DUMBLEDORE
(Over the loudspeaker) The Beauxbatons
champion Miss Delacour has unfortunately
been forced to retire. She will take
no further part in this task.


EXT. UNDERWATER

Harry is still searching around. He hears muffled screams. He
finds Ron, Hermione, Cho Chan and a blonde girl from Beauxbatons
tied in place by their ankles. Cedric is there, he takes Cho
with him. Harry sets about freeing Ron and Hermione but vicious
merpeople appear.

HARRY
But she's my friend too!

MERPERSON
Only one.

What looks like a shark approaches at high speed. We see that
it has legs and it's Viktor. He takes Hermione and heads for
the surface. Harry frees Ron.


EXT. ABOVE WATER

Cedric and Cho emerge, the crowd cheers. Viktor and Hermione
next, the crows chants 'Krum, Krum, Krum'. The Beauxbatons girls
look worried.


EXT. UNDERWATER

Harry looks over and sees the blonde girl that Fleur was unable
to rescue. He loosens her rope too and starts heading for the
surface with the both of them. He's attacked and gets held down,
he pushes Ron and the girl towards the surface.


EXT. ABOVE WATER

Ron and the girl come up, they are coughing but safe. They're
helped out of the water by a girl from Beauxbatons. Underwater
Harry casts a spell which propels him towards the surface, he
flies out and lands on the decking where the crowd are.

DUMBLEDORE
Harry!

BARTY
Get him another towel.

DUMBLEDORE
I want all the judges over here now.


FLEUR
(To Harry) You saved her, even though
she wasn't yours to save. My little
sister!

Fleur kisses Harry on the face.

FLEUR
Thank you! And you... (Looks to Ron).
You helped!

RON
Well... yeah... a bit

Fleur kisses him too.

RON
Merci.

Hermione comes up to Harry with a towel.

HERMIONE
Harry!

HARRY
Hermione

HERMIONE
Are you alright? You must be freezing!
Personally I think you behaved admirably.


Hermione kisses Harry on the head.

HARRY
I finished last Hermione.

HERMIONE
Next to last.

DUMBLEDORE
Attention! Attention! The winner is...
Mr Diggory!

Cedric and his friends cheer.

DUMBLEDORE
For showing unique command of the bubblehead
shark. The way I see it, Mr Potter would
have finished first had it not been
for his determination to rescue not
only Mr Weasly but the others as well.
We've agreed to award him second place!
For outstanding moral fibre.


As they're walking away from the lake Harry's friends are cheering
him.

FRED
All that moral fibre eh?

RON
Blimey even when you go wrong it turns
out right.

GEORGE
Well done 'moral fibre'.


Barty Crouch is waiting for Harry.

BARTY
Congratulations Potter, fine achievement.
Well done boy. I'm sorry we haven't
spoken, after all your story is one
I've heard many times. Quite remarkable.
Tragic of course, to lose one's family.
Never whole again are we? Still, life
goes on. And here we stand. I'm sure
your parents would be very proud today
Potter.

Mad-Eye approaches them.

MAD-EYE
Bartimus! Not trying to lure Potter
into one of the ministry's summer internships
are we? Last boy who went into the department
of ministries never came out!

Barty walks away from him.

MAD-EYE
And they say I'm mad.


EXT. DARK FOREST

HAGRID
So I remember, I remember when I first
met you all. Biggest bunch of misfits
I've ever set eyes on. Always reminded
me of myself a little. And here we all
are, four years later.

RON
We're still misfits.

HAGRID
Maybe. But we've all got each other,
and Harry of course. Soon to be! The
youngest! Tri-Wizard champion there's
ever been! Hooray!

They walk on singing the Hogwarts song. Harry holds his head
in pain. On the ground he sees Barty Crouch laying lifeless.


HARRY
Mr Crouch?


INT. HOGWARTS DARK ROOM

DUMBLEDORE
A man has died here. And he won't be
the last, you must take action.

FUDGE
I will not. In times like these the
wizard world looks to its leaders for
strength Dumbledore.

DUMBLEDORE
Then for once show them some.

FUDGE
The tri-wizard tournament will not be
cancelled. I will not be seen as a coward.


DUMBLEDORE
But surely that is what's right, no
matter what others think.

FUDGE
What did you say? What did you say to
me?

MAD-EYE
Excuse me gentlemen, it may interest
you to know that this conversation is
no longer private.

Mad-Eye points to the door. Harry enters.

FUDGE
Harry! Harry how good to see you again.


HARRY
I can come back later Professor.

DUMBLEDORE
Oh not necessary Harry the minister
and I are done. I'll be back in a moment.
Minister, after you. Harry do feel free
to indulge in a liquorice snack in my
absence, but I have to warn you they're
a little bit sharp.

Harry is left alone in the room. He puts his hand in the snackbowl
and takes a handful. It turns into a small creature which nips
at his hand.

HARRY
Agh!

A compartment in the wall opens, there's a glowing blue pool
of water there. He looks in. He falls and lands in another time
and place. It's a courtroom, the walls have a red glow. Dumbledore
is seated next to where Harry is.


INT. COURTROOM

HARRY
Professor?

The man seated next to Dumbledore speaks.

MAN
Professor.

Dumbledore and the man shake hands. Their handshake goes through
Harry's body, he appears to be some kind of ghost with no presence.
Proceedings begin, a cage is raised from inside the floor.


BARTY
Igor Karkaroff, you have been brought
from Azkaban at your own request to
present evidence to this counsel. Should
your testimony prove consequential.
Counsel may be prepared to order your
immediate release. Until such time you
remain in the eyes of the ministry a
convicted deatheater. Do you accept
these terms?

IGOR
I do sir.

BARTY
What do you wish to present?

IGOR
I have names sir. There was a Rosier,
Evan Rosier.

BARTY
Mr Rosier is dead.

IGOR
Dead?

MAD-EYE
(To Dumbledore) Yeah took a piece of
me with him though didn't he.

Mad-Eye points to his mechanical eye.

IGOR
I didn't know.

BARTY
If that is all the witness has to offer...


IGOR
No! No! There was Rookwood, he was a
spy.

BARTY
Augustus Rookwood? Of the department
of ministries.

IGOR
Ya ya, the same. He passed information
to you know who from inside the ministry
itself.

BARTY
Very well. Counsel will deliberate.
In the meantime you will be returned
to Azkaban.

IGOR
NO! WAIT! PLEASE! I have more. Snape,
Severus Snape.

DUMBLEDORE
The counsel is very much aware you have
given evidence on this matter. Severus
Snape was indeed a deatheater and prior
to Lord Voldemort's downfall turned
spy for us at great personal risk. Today
he's no more a deatheater than I am.


Igor protests loudly.

IGOR
It's a lie! Severus Snape remains faithful
to the dark lord.

BARTY
Silence!

Barty hits the gavel repeatedly.

BARTY
Unless the witness possesses any name
of genuine consequence this session
is now concluded.

IGOR
Oh no no no no no. I heard about one
more.

BARTY
What's that?

IGOR
The name...

BARTY
Yes?

IGOR
I know for a fact this person took part
in the capture, and by means of the
cruciatus curse, torture of the aurer
Frank Longbottom and...

BARTY
The name! Give me the wretched name!


IGOR
Barty Crouch! ... Junior.

Barty Crouch junior begins to run. Mad-Eye zaps him with magic,
he falls into the center of the court. The crowd is in uproar.
Guards seize Barty junior.

BARTY JR
Get your hands off me you pathetic little
men. Hello father.

BARTY
You are no son of mine.

BARTY JR
GAHHHH!

Harry steps out of the blue pool and we're back in the darkened
room.

DUMBLEDORE
Curiosity's not a sin Harry, but you
should exercise caution. It's a pensieve,
useful if like me you find your mind
a wee bit stretched. It allows me to
see what small things I've already seen.
You see Harry I've searched and searched
for something, some small detail. Something
I might have overlooked, something that
would explain why these terrible things
have happened. Every time I get close
to an answer it slips away, it's maddedning.


HARRY
Sir, Mr Crouch's son, what happened
to him?

DUMBLEDORE
He was sent to Azkaban. Destroyed Barty
to do it. But he had no choice, the
evidence was overwhelming. Why do you
ask?

HARRY
It's just that I had a dream about him.
It was in the summer, before school.
In the dream I was in a house and Voldemort
was there only he wasn't quite human,
and Wormtail was there too and Mr Crouch's
son.

DUMBLEDORE
Have there been other dreams like this?


HARRY
Yes. Always the same one. Sir... these
dreams, what I see, you don't think
it's actually happening do you?

DUMBLEDORE
I think it's unwise for you to linger
over these dreams Harry, I think it's
best that you simply...

Dumbledore puts up his wand and pulls a quivering string of magic
out from his head.

DUMBLEDORE
Cast them away.


INT. CORRIDOR

Harry is walking along, we hear raised voices from inside the
herbs store.

IGOR
It's a sign Severus, you know what it
means as well as I.

The door opens and they see Harry. He looks at them. Igor leaves.


SNAPE
Potter! What's your hurry? Congratulations,
your performance in the black lake was
inspiring. Gilliweed, am I correct?


HARRY
Yes sir.

SNAPE
Ingenious. A rather rare herb gilliweed,
not something found in your every day
garden. Nor is this, know what it is?


HARRY
Bubble juice sir?

SNAPE
Veritaserum. Three drops of this and
you-know-who himself will spill his
darkest secrets. The use of this on
a student is regrettably forbidden,
however should you ever steal from my
personal stores again, my hand might
just slip over your morning pumpkin
juice.

HARRY
I haven't stolen anything.

SNAPE
Don't lie to me. Gilliweed might be
innocuous, but boomslang skin? lacewing
flies? You and your friends are brewing
polyjuice potion and believe me I'm
going to find out why.

Severus closes the door in Harry's face.


EXT. ARENA

Music is playing and a large crowd is gathered. The champions
emerge.

DUMBLEDORE
Earlier today Professor Moody placed
the tri-wizards cup deep within the
maze. Only he knows its exact position.
Now as Mr Diggory...

The crowd cheer on hearing his name.

DUMBLEDORE
(continued) and Mr Potter tied for first
position they will be the first to enter
the maze. Followed by Mr Krum...

The bulgarian crowd go nuts.

DUMBLEDORE
(continued) The first person to touch
the cup will be the winner. I've instructed
the staff to patrol the perimeter, if
at any point should a contestant wish
to withdraw from the task he or she
need only send up red sparks with their
wands. Contestants, gather round.


DUMBLEDORE
(To the contestants) In the maze you'll
find not dragons or creatures of the
deep. Instead you'll face something
more challenging. You see, people change
in the maze. Oh find the cup if you
can, but be very weary you could just
lose yourselves along the way.

MAD-EYE
Champions! Prepare yourselves.

Cedric hugs his father.

DUMBLEDORE
On the count of three... ONE...

The cannon goes off. Mr Filch shrugs comically. Dumbledore groans.
Harry and Cedric enter the maze through different entrances.
The entrance closes up behind Harry. Heavy mist sets in, we pan
out to see the maze is many stories tall. Harry starts traversing
the maze, creature noises are all around.

Cedric is walking along, the maze walls begin to close in on
him. He makes a run for it. Fleur is running around scared, she
is attacked and knocked down. Viktor comes along and sees she's
unconscious on the ground, he walks on. Harry sees Fleur being
swallowed into the undergrowth.

HARRY
Fleur? Fleur!

He's too late she's disappeared. He sends up a red spark into
the air. A heavy wind starts blowing, walls are closing in, Harry
runs. Harry sees something shining in the distance and he moves
towards it Viktor tries to zap him but misses.

CEDRIC
Get down!

Harry ducks and Viktor gets zapped by Cedric. Cedric runs up
and kicks the wand out of Viktor's hand. He points his wand at
Viktor's body as if to finish him off, Harry runs up and intervenes.


HARRY
No stop! He's bewitched Cedric.

They struggle.

CEDRIC
Get off me!

HARRY
He's bewitched!

The two of them begin running towards the cup. The undergrowth
grabs Cedric and he falls to the ground. Harry looks back. Cedric
is pinned down with no means of escape.

CEDRIC
Harry! Harry!

Harry zaps the plantlife and Cedric wriggles free. Harry helps
him up.

CEDRIC
You know for a moment there I thought
you were gonna let it get me.

HARRY
For a moment so did I.

CEDRIC
Some game huh?

HARRY
Some game.

The wind starts blowing again.

CEDRIC
Go. Take it, you saved me!

HARRY
Together, on three. One, two, three!



EXT. GRAVEYARD

Harry and Cedric have ported to a graveyard.

CEDRIC
You ok?

HARRY
Yeah, you?

CEDRIC
Where are we?

HARRY
I've been here before.

CEDRIC
It's a portkey. Harry the cup is a portkey.


HARRY
I've been here before in a dream. Cedric,
we have to get back to the cup? Now!


CEDRIC
What are you talking about?

Harry lets out a shout and holds his head, he is in pain.

CEDRIC
What is it?

HARRY
Get back to the cup!

We see Wormtail and Voldemort nearby.

CEDRIC
Who are you? What do you want?

VOLDEMORT
Kill the spare.

Wormtail casts a spell and kills Cedric.

HARRY
Cedric!

Cedric lays dead on the ground.

Wormtail pulls Harry closer, a status grabs hold of Harry and
traps him.

VOLDEMORT
Do it, now!

Wormtail drops something into a cauldron, Harry watches on.


WORMTAIL
Bones of the father, unwillingly given.


A bone hovers in the air under Wormtail's control, he drops it
into the cauldron.

WORMTAIL
Flesh of the servent willingly sacrificed.


He takes a knife and slashes his arm over the cauldron.

WORMTAIL
Blood of the enemy forcibly taken.


He takes the knife to Harry and cuts at his arm. Harry shouts.
Wormtail takes the knife over to the cauldron and lets the drops
fall into it.

WORMTAIL
The dark lord shall rise again.

The cauldron bursts into flame and a reformed Voldemort emerges.


VOLDEMORT
My wand Wormtail.

Wormtail hands him the wand and bows deeply.

VOLDEMORT
Hold out your arm.

WORMTAIL
Master. Thank you master.

VOLDEMORT
The other arm Wormtail.

Wormtail looks concerned, but does it anyway. Voldemort sticks
the wand into Wormtail's arm. The sky changes, others have been
summoned.

VOLDEMORT
Welcome my friends. Thirty years it's
been, and yet you stand before me as
though it were only yesterday. I confess
myself disappointed, not one of you
tried to find me.

Voldemort begins slashing angrily at the hooded figures.

VOLDEMORT
Not even you, Lucius.

LUCIUS
My lord. Had I detected any sign or
even a whisper of your whereabouts.


VOLDEMORT
There were signs my friend, and more
than whispers.

LUCIUS
I assure you I never renounced the old
ways. The face I have been obliged to
present each day since your absence,
that was my true mask.

WORMTAIL
I returned.

VOLDEMORT
Out of fear, not loyalty. Still you
have proved yourself useful these past
few months Wormtail.

Voldemort grants Wormtail a new hand.

WORMTAIL
Thank you master, thank you.

VOLDEMORT
(To Cedric's corpse) Oh, such a handsome
boy.

HARRY
Don't touch him.

Harry struggles to get free.

VOLDEMORT
Harry! I'd almost forgotten you were
here. Standing on the bones of my father.
I'd introduce you but word has it you're
almost as famous as me these days. The
boy who lived. How lies have fed your
legend Harry. Shall I reveal what really
happened that night thirteen years ago?
Shall I divulge how I truly lost my
powers? It was love. You see when dear
sweet Lily Potter gave her life for
her only son she provided the ultimate
protection. I could not touch you. It
was old magic, something I should have
forseen. But no matter, no matter. Things
have changed, I can touch you now!


Voldemort puts his hand on Harry's head and he screams.

VOLDEMORT
Astonishing what a few drops of your
blood will do eh Harry? Pick up your
wand Potter. I said pick it up, get
up. Get up! You've been taught how to
duel I presume yes? First we bow to
each other. Come on now Harry the niceties
must be observed, Dumbledore would not
want you to forget your manners now
would he? I said bow!

Voldemort forces Harry to bow with magic.

VOLDEMORT
That's better. And now...

Voldemort casts at Harry and he wriggles in pain.

VOLDEMORT
Atta boy Harry, your parents would be
proud. Especially your filthy mongrel
mother. I'm going to kill you Harry
Potter, I'm going to destroy you. After
tonight no one will ever again question
my powers. After tonight if they speak
of you they'll speak only of how you
begged for death, and I being a merciful
lord obliged. Get up.

Voldemort pulls Harry to his feet, Harry begins to move away.


VOLDEMORT
Don't you turn your back on me Harry
Potter I want you to look at me when
I kill you, I want to see the lights
leave your eyes.

Harry takes steps toward Voldemort.

HARRY
Have it your way.

They both cast and their streams of magic meet. They both struggle.


VOLDEMORT
Do nothing. He is mine to finish. He's
mine!

Shapes form in the surrounding magical energy. We hear Dumbledore's
voice.

HARRY'S DAD
(voice) Harry when the connection is
broken you must get to the portkey.
We can delay it for a moment to give
you time but only a moment, do you understand?


CEDRIC
(voice) Harry take my body back will
you? Take my body back to my father.


HARRY'S MOTHER
(voice) Let go. Sweetheart you're ready.
Let go! Let go!

The connection breaks, Harry runs over to Cedric's body and summons
the cup over to them. In an instant the port out. Voldemort looks
angry.

VOLDEMORT
No!


EXT. ARENA

Back at the arena Harry appears with Cedric's body. The crowd
don't understand what has taken place and they all cheer, triumphant
music starts to play. Harry weeps on Cedric's body.

DUMBLEDORE
Harry! Harry!

Dumbledore tries to prize Harry from Cedric's body.

DUMBLEDORE
Tell me what happened!

HARRY
He's back, he's back! Voldemort's back.
Cedric, he asked me to bring his body
back. I couldn't leave him, not there.


DUMBLEDORE
It's alright Harry. It's alright, he's
home, you both are.

FUDGE
Keep everybody in their seats. A boy
has just been killed. The body must
be moved Dumbledore, there are... too
many people.

AMOS
Let me through! That's my son! My boy!


Amos breaks down wailing. The crowd look on distraught.


INT. DARKENED ROOM

Mad-Eye Moody enters and closes the door behind him. Harry is
in the room still sobbing. They sit.

MAD-EYE
Are you alright Potter?

Harry nods.

MAD-EYE
Does it hurt?

HARRY
Not so much now.

MAD-EYE
I'd better take a look at it.

We see Harry's arm, it has a skull and snake marking.

HARRY
The cup was a portkey. Someone had bewitched
it.

MAD-EYE
What was it like? What was he like?


HARRY
Who?

MAD-EYE
The dark lord. What was it like to stand
in his presence?

HARRY
I dunno. It was like I'd fallen into
one of my dreams. One of my nightmares.


Mad-Eye starts shaking and struggling for air, he reaches for
his bottle but it's empty. He rushes to a chest with other bottles
and struggles to find one.

MAD-EYE
Were there others? In the graveyard,
were there others?

HARRY
Um. I don't think I said anything about
a graveyard Professor.

MAD-EYE
Marvellous creatures dragons aren't
they? Do you think that miserable oaf
would have led you into the woods if
I hadn't suggested it? Do you think
Cedric Diggory would have told you to
hold the egg under the water if I hadn't
have told him first myself? Do you think
Neville Longbottom the witless wonder
could have provided you with gilliweed
if I hadn't have given him the book
that led you straight to it? Huh??


HARRY
It was you from the beginning. You put
my name in the goblet of fire. You bewitched
Krum. But...

Mad-Eye makes sobbing noises making fun of Harry.

MAD-EYE
You won because I made it so Potter.
You ended up in that graveyard tonight
because it was meant to be so. And now
the deed is done. The blood that runs
through these veins runs within the
dark lord. Imagine how he will reward
me when he learns that I have once and
for all silenced the great Harry Potter.


A flash of magic occurs and Mad-Eye is knocked into the wall.
Dumbledore and Severus come rushing in. Dumbledore takes Mad-Eye
by the neck...

DUMBLEDORE
Severus...

Severus administers some veritaserum. Mad-Eye wriggles demonically.


DUMBLEDORE
Do you know who I am?

MAD-EYE
Albus Dumbledore.

DUMBLEDORE
Are you Alastor Moody? Are ya?

MAD-EYE
No.

DUMBLEDORE
Is he in this room? Is he in this room?


We see a nod.

DUMBLEDORE
Harry get away from there!

Dumbledore approaches the chest. The chest opens, it contains
a series of smaller chests. When the final chest is open we see
that there's a pit within holding a man the real Alastor Moody.


DUMBLEDORE
Are you alright Alastor?

ALASTOR
I'm sorry Albus.

HARRY
That's Moody, but then who's...?

Dumbledore holds up one of Mad-Eye's Bottles.

SNAPE
Polyjuice potion.

DUMBLEDORE
Now we know who's been stealing it from
your store Severus.

Dumbledore looks into the pit.

DUMBLEDORE
We'll get you up in a minute.

Alastor Moody groans. The Mad-Eye Moody they have captive in
a chair begins to twitch about restlessly making strange noises.
He appears to be transforming. He rips off his fake eyepiece
which falls on the floor, we see that he's transformed into Barty
Crouch Junior.

DUMBLEDORE
Barty Crouch Junior.

BARTY JR
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.


Barty Jr rolls up his sleeve to reveal a skull and snake marking.


DUMBLEDORE
Your arm Harry.

BARTY JR
You know what this means don't you?
He's back. Lord Voldemort has returned.


DUMBLEDORE
Send an owl to Azkaban, think they'll
find they're missing a prisoner.


BARTY JR
I'll be welcomed back like a hero.


DUMBLEDORE
Perhaps. Personally I've never had much
time for heroes.


INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM

DUMBLEDORE
(Speaking to all pupils) Today we acknowledge
a really terrible loss. Cedric Diggory
was as you all know, exceptionally hard
working, intricately fair minded. And
most importantly a fierce fierce friend.
I think therefore you have the right
to know exactly how he died. You see,
Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord
Voldemort. The ministry of magic does
not wish me to tell you this. But not
to do so I think would be an insult
to his memory. Now the pain we all feel
at this dreadful loss reminds me, reminds
us that while we may come from different
places and speak in different tongues,
our hearts beat as one. In light of
recent events the bonds of friendship
we made this year will be more important
than ever. Remember that and Cedric
Diggory will not have died in vain,
you remember that. And we'll celebrate
a boy who was kind and honest and brave
and true right to the very end.


INT. BEDROOM

Harry is sitting on a bed, Dumbledore walks in.

DUMBLEDORE
I never liked these curtains. Set them
on fire in my fourth year, by accident
of course. I put you in terrible danger
this year Harry I'm sorry.

HARRY
Professor, when I was in the graveyard
there was a moment... um... when Voldemort's
wand and mine sort of connected.

DUMBLEDORE
Priori Incantatem. You saw your parents
that night didn't you? They reappeared.


Harry nods.

DUMBLEDORE
No spell can reawaken the dead Harry
I trust you know that. Dark and diffiult
times lie ahead. Soon we must all face
the choice between what is right what
is easy. But remember this, you have
friends here. You're not alone.


EXT. HOGWARTS

There's a large crowd gathered, the pupils are going home. Viktor
Krum gives Hermione a kiss and hands her some paper.

VIKTOR
Write to me. Promise.

HERMIONE
Bye.

Ron is sitting alone. The french sisters approach him, they both
in turn give him a kiss on the head.

FLEUR
Au revoir Ron.

The Beauxbatons girls leave in uniform, the crowd applauds. The
Durmstrang boys leave too, shaking hands as they go.

RON
Do you think we'll ever just have a
quiet year at Hogwarts?

HERMIONE
No.

HARRY
No I don't think so.

HERMIONE
Everything's going to change now isn't
it?

HARRY
Yes.

HERMIONE
Promise you'll write this summer. Both
of you.

RON
Well I won't. You know I won't!

HERMIONE
Harry will won't you?

HARRY
Yeah. Every week.

They look over the balcony, the flying horses pulling a carriage
head off into the distance. The Bulgarians' ship goes underwater.


BELLATRIX

Narcissa!

BELLATRIX

Cissy! You mustnt do this.  He 
cant be trusted.

NARCISSA

The Dark Lord trusts him.

BELLATRIX

The Dark Lord is mistaken.

BELLATRIX

Or so I believe.

NARCISSA

Well, who can one trust these 
days?

BELLATRIX

He lives in this Muggle dunghill?

SNAPE

Run along, Wormtail.

NARCISSA

Ive nowhere else to turn, 
Severus.

BELLATRIX

You must be joking.

NARCISSA

I know I ought not to be here.  
The Dark Lord himself has 
forbidden me to speak of this --

SNAPE

If the Dark Lord has forbidden it, 
you ought not to speak.

SNAPE

Put it down, Bella.  We mustnt 
touch what isnt ours.
As it so happens Im aware of your 
situation, Narcissa.

BELLATRIX

You? The Dark Lord told you?

SNAPE

Your sister doubts me, Narcissa. Understandable.  

SNAPE

Over the years I have played my 
part well.  So well Ive deceived 
one of the greatest wizards of all 
time.

SNAPE

Dumbledore is a great wizard.  
Only a fool would question it.

NARCISSA

I... I dont doubt you, Severus.

BELLATRIX

You should feel honored, Cissy.  
As should Draco --

NARCISSA

Hes just a boy!

SNAPE

I cant change the Dark Lords 
mind.  But it might be possible 
for me to help Draco.  To provide 
some... protection.

NARCISSA

Do you mean it, Severus?

SNAPE

I can try.

NARCISSA

Oh, Severus, please, if you   
would... I would be forever in 
your debt.

BELLATRIX

Swear to it.

BELLATRIX

Make the Unbreakable Vow.
You see.  Its just empty words.  
Oh hell try.  Hell give it his 
best effort.  But when it matters 
most hell slither back into his 
hole.  Bloody coward...

SNAPE

Take out your wand.

BELLATRIX

Will you, Severus Snape, watch 
over Draco Malfoy as he attempts 
to fulfill the Dark Lords wishes.

SNAPE

I will.

BELLATRIX

And will you, to the best of your 
ability, protect him from harm?

SNAPE

I will.

BELLATRIX

And should it prove necessary, if 
it seems Draco will fail... will 
you yourself carry out the deed 
that the Dark Lord has ordered 
Draco to perform?

SNAPE

I will.

WAITRESS

Harry Potter.  Whos Harry Potter?

HARRY

Oh.  Um.  No one.  Bit of a 
tosser.

WAITRESS

Funny that paper of yours.  Couple 
nights ago, I could swear I saw 
one of the pictures move.

HARRY

Really.

WAITRESS

Thought Id gone round the twist.

HARRY

Hey.  I was wondering...

WAITRESS

Eleven.  Thats when I get off.

You can tell me all about that 
tosser Harry Potter.

DUMBLEDORE

I once knew a Muggle girl from 
Liverpool with hair like spun 
silk.  No light could resist it...

Youve been reckless this summer, 
Harry.

HARRY

I like riding round on the trains.  
It takes my mind off... things.

DUMBLEDORE

Rather unpleasant to behold, isnt 
it?  The tale is thrilling if I do 
say so myself, but Im afraid now 
is not the time to tell it.  Take 
my arm.

Do as I say.

HARRY

I just Apparated, didnt I?

DUMBLEDORE

Indeed.  And quite successfully I 
might add.  Most people vomit 
their first time.

HARRY

Cant imagine why...

DUMBLEDORE

Welcome to the charming village of 
Budleigh Babberton, Harry.  I 
assume right about now youre 
wondering why Ive brought you 
here, am I right?

HARRY

After all these years, I just sort 
of roll with it, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Wand out, Harry.

DUMBLEDORE

Lumos...

DUMBLEDORE

Horace!

ARMCHAIR

Merlins Beard!

SLUGHORN

Theres no need to disfigure me, 
Albus!

DUMBLEDORE

I must say, you make a very 
convincing armchair, Horace.

SLUGHORN

Its all in the upholstery.
I come by the stuffing naturally.  
What gave me away?

DUMBLEDORE

Dragons blood.

SLUGHORN

Yes, well, I couldnt very well 
use wizards blood, could I?  Oho!

DUMBLEDORE

Ah yes.  Introductions.  Harry, 
this is an old friend and 
colleague of mine, Horace 
Slughorn.  Horace, this is, well, 
you know who this is.
Apparently theres some thought he 
may be the Chosen One.

DUMBLEDORE

So why all the theatrics, Horace?  
You werent perhaps expecting 
someone else, were you?

SLUGHORN

S-someone else?  Im sure I dont 
know what you mean.

SLUGHORN

Oh all right!  The Death Eaters 
have been trying to recruit me for 
over a year.  Do you know what 
thats like?  One can only say no 
to these people so many times 
before they...

DUMBLEDORE

Take matters into their own hands?

SLUGHORN

I never stay anywhere more than a 
week.  The Muggles who own this 
place are in the Canary Islands.

DUMBLEDORE

Well, I think it should be put 
back in order for them, dont you?  
Mind?

DUMBLEDORE

That was fun.  May I use the loo?

SLUGHORN

Dont think I dont know why 
youre here, Albus!  The answer is 
still no!  Absolutely, 
unequivocally no!

SLUGHORN

You look very like your father.  
Except for your eyes.  Youve 
got -- 

HARRY

My mothers eyes, yeah.

SLUGHORN

Lily.  Lovely Lily.  She was 
exceedingly bright -- your mother.  
Even more impressive when one 
considers she was Muggle-born.

HARRY

One of my best friends is Muggle-
born.  Shes the best in our year.

SLUGHORN

Oh, but you mustnt think Im 
prejudiced!  No, no, no! Your 
mother was one of my absolute 
favorites!  Look, there she is.  
Right up front.

SLUGHORN

All mine, each and every one.  Ex-
students, I mean.  You recognize 
Barnubas Cuffe, of course, editor 
of the Daily Prophet.  

SLUGHORN

Always takes my owl should I want 
to register my opinion on the news 
of the day.  And theres Ambrosius 
Flume of Honeydukes.  Sends a 
hamper of chocolate to the house 
each birthday.  That is, when I 
had a house.  And Gwenog Jones, 
captain of the Holyhead Harpies -- 
free tickets whenever I want them.  
Of course, I havent been to a 
match in some time...

SLUGHORN

Ah yes.  Regulus Black.  You no 
doubt know of his older brother 
Sirius.  Died a few weeks ago.  I 
taught the whole Black family 
except Sirius.  Shame.  Talented 
boy.  I got Regulus when he came 
along, of course, but Id have 
liked the set.

DUMBLEDORE

Mind if I take this?  I do love 
knitting patterns.

SLUGHORN

Of course.  But youre not 
leaving?

DUMBLEDORE

I think I know a lost cause when I 
see one.  Regrettable.  I would 
have considered it a personal 
triumph had you consented to 
return to Hogwarts, Horace.  You 
are, like my friend Mr. Potter -- 
one of a kind.

SLUGHORN

All right!  Ill do it.  But Ill 
be wanting Professor 
Merrythoughts old office, not 
that water closet I had formerly.  
And I expect a raise!  These are 
mad times we live in!  Mad!

DUMBLEDORE

Indeed they are.

HARRY

Sir, exactly what was that all -- 

DUMBLEDORE

You are talented, famous and 
powerful -- everything Horace 
values.  Professor Slughorn is 
going to try to collect you, 
Harry.  You would be his crowning 
jewel.  That is why he is 
returning to Hogwarts.  And it is 
crucial he return...

DUMBLEDORE

I fear I may have stolen a 
wondrous night from you, Harry.  
She was, truthfully, very pretty.  
The girl.

HARRY

Its alright, sir.  Ill go back 
tomorrow, make some excuse -- 

DUMBLEDORE

Youll not be going back to Little 
Whinging tonight, Harry.

HARRY

But, sir.  What about Hedwig?  And 
theres my trunk -- 

DUMBLEDORE
Both are waiting for you.

HARRY

Sir?

GINNY

Hedwig...?  Mum!

MRS. WEASLEY 

What is it, Ginny?  Is it your 
father?  Has something happened at 
the Ministry?  Has he been 
kidnapped?  Is it the Death 
Eaters?

GINNY

Exactly.  Howd you guess?

GINNY

Im joking, Mum.

MRS. WEASLEY

Youre worse than Fred and George.

GINNY

Now youre joking.  I was only 
wondering when Harry got here.

MRS. WEASLEY

Harry who?

GINNY

Harry Dimpleton.  Harry Potter, of 
course.

MRS. WEASLEY

I think Id know if Harry Potter 
was in my house, wouldnt I?

GINNY

Well his trunks in the kitchen.  
And his owl.

MRS. WEASLEY

I seriously doubt that.

RON

Harry?  Did someone say Harry?

GINNY

Me, nosy.  Is he up there with 
you?

RON

Course not.  Think Id know if my 
best friend was in my room, 
wouldnt I?

HERMIONE

Was that an owl I heard?

GINNY

Harrys.  Havent seen him, have 
you?  Apparently, hes wandering 
about the house.

HERMIONE

Really?

HARRY

Really.

RON

Harry!

HERMIONE

Harry!

MRS. WEASLEY

But why didnt you tell us you 
were coming?

HARRY

Didnt know.  
Dumbledore.

MRS. WEASLEY

That man.  But then, what would we 
do without him?  Ron!

RON

Youve a bit of...

HARRY

Whend you get here?

HERMIONE

A few days ago.  Though... for a 
bit, I wasnt sure I was coming.

RON

Mum sort of lost it last week.  
Said Ginny and I had no business 
going back to Hogwarts.  That its 
too dangerous.

HARRY

Oh come on...

HERMIONE

Shes not alone.  Even my parents  
-- and theyre Muggles -- know 
something bad is happening.

RON

Anyway, Dad stepped in, told her 
she was being barmy.  Took a day 
or two, but she came round.

HARRY

But were talking about Hogwarts.  
Dumbledore. What could be safer?

HERMIONE

Theres been a lot of chatter 
lately.  That hes gotten... old.

HARRY

Rubbish.  Hes only -- what?

RON

A hundred and fifty.  Give or take 
a few years.

FRED/GEORGE

Step up!  Step up!  

GEORGE

Weve got Fainting Fancy...

FRED

Nosebleed Nougats...

GEORGE

And just in time for school...

FRED

Puking Pastilles!

FRED

Into the cauldron, handsome.

GEORGE

Into the cauldron, handsome.

FRED

Whatd you think, Harry?

HARRY

Amazing.

GEORGE

Pocket that and youll pay in more 
than Galleons, my friend.  

FRED

Weve got eyes in the back of our
heads.

GEORGE

Bloody urchins.

HARRY

Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder?

FRED

A real money spinner that.

FRED

Handy if you need to make a quick 
escape.  Hello, ladies!

GEORGE

Yes, they do really work.  

FRED

Then again, the way we hear it, 
sis, youre doing just fine on 
your own.

GINNY

Meaning?

FRED

Are you not currently dating Dean 
Thomas?

GINNY

None of your business.

HERMIONE

These are adorable.

FRED

Arent they now.  Pygmy Puffs.  
Cant breed them fast enough.

RON

How much for this?

FRED

Five Galleons.

GEORGE

Five Galleons.

RON

How much for me?

FRED

Five Galleons.

GEORGE

Five Galleons.

RON

But Im your brother!

FRED

Ten Galleons.

RON

Cmon. Lets go.

LAVENDER BROWN

Hi, Ron.

RON

Hi.

HERMIONE

How is it Fred and George are 
doing it?  Half the alleys closed 
down.

RON

Fred reckons people need a laugh 
these days.

HARRY

Reckon hes right...

HERMIONE

Oh no.  Look.

HERMIONE

But everyone got their wands from 
Ollivander.  Young.  Old...

HARRY

Good.  Bad.  Speaking of which...

RON

Is it just me?  Or do Draco and 
mummy look like two people who 
dont want to be followed?

RON

Whatre they playing at?

HARRY

Dunno.  Lets get closer.

RON

Hey.  Wheres Hermione?

RON

Harry, where is she?

HARRY

I dont know.  Im turned around.

RON

Bloody hell.

HERMIONE

Sorry.

HARRY

What just happened?

HERMIONE

I dont know.

LUNA

Quibbler...?  Quibbler...?

LUNA

Theres an article on Wrackspurts 
this month.  Quibbler...?

LUNA

Hes lovely.  Theyve been known 
to sing on Boxing Day, you know.  
Quibbler?

GINNY

Please.  Whats a Wrackspurt?

LUNA

Theyre invisible creatures that 
float in through your ears and 
make your brain go fuzzy.
Quibbler?  Quibbler?

HARRY

Dont you see, it was a ceremony.  
An initiation.

HERMIONE

Stop, Harry, I know where youre 
going with this -- 

HARRY

Its happened.  Hes one of them.

RON

One of what?

HERMIONE

Harry is under the impression that 
Draco Malfoy is now a Death Eater.

RON

Youre barking.  What would You-
Know-Who want with a sod like 
Malfoy?

HARRY

So whats he doing in Borgin and 
Burkes?  Browsing for furniture?

RON

Its a creepy shop.  Hes a creepy 
bloke.

HARRY

Look.  His fathers a Death Eater.  
It only makes sense.  Besides, 
Hermione saw it.  With her own 
eyes.

HERMIONE

I told you.  I dont know what I 
saw.

HARRY

I need some air.

MALFOY

What just happened?  Blaise?

BLAISE

Dont know.

PANSY

Relax, boys.  The lights went out 
is all.  Come, Draco.  Well be  
at Hogwarts before you know it.

MALFOY

Hogwarts.  What a pathetic excuse 
for a school.  I think Id pitch 
myself off the Astronomy Tower if 
I thought I had to continue on for 
another two years.

PANSY

Whats that supposed to mean?

MALFOY

Lets just say I dont think 
youll be seeing me wasting my 
time in Charms Class next year.

MALFOY

Amused, Blaise?  Well see just 
whos laughing in the end.

HERMIONE

Wheres Harry?

RON

Probably on the platform.  Cmon.

MALFOY

You two go on.  I want to check 
something.

MALFOY

Didnt mummy ever tell you its 
bad manners to eavesdrop, Potter?  
Petrificus Totalus!

MALFOY

Oh, right, she was dead before you 
could wipe the drool off your 
chin.

MALFOY

Enjoy the ride back to London.

LUNA

Hello, Harry.

HARRY

Luna.  Howd you...?

LUNA

Wrackspurts. Your heads full of 
them.

HARRY

Sorry I made you miss the 
carriages, Luna.

LUNA

Its alright.  I enjoyed our walk.  
It was like being with a friend.

HARRY

I am your friend, Luna.

LUNA

Thats nice.

FLITWICK

About time!  Ive been looking all 
over for you two.  Names.

HARRY

Professor Flitwick, youve known 
me for five years.

FLITWICK

No exceptions, Potter.

LUNA

Who are those people?

FLITWICK

Aurors. For security.

MALFOY

Its a not a cane, you cretin.  
Its a walking stick.

FILCH

And what exactly would you be 
wanting with a walking stick?

SNAPE

It was his fathers.

MALFOY

Is my fathers.  Hes not dead.

SNAPE

Its alright, Mr. Filch.  I can 
vouch for Mr. Malfoy.

MALFOY

Nice face, Potter.

LUNA

Would you like me to fix it?  
Personally I think you look a bit 
more devil-may-care this way.  But 
its up to you.

HARRY

Have you ever fixed one?  A nose.

LUNA

No.  But Ive done several toes 
and how different are they really?

HARRY

What the hell.  Give it a go.

LUNA

Episkey.

HARRY

Well?  How do I look?

LUNA

Exceptionally ordinary.

HARRY

Brilliant.

RON

Don you worry.  Hell be long 
soon nuff -- 

HERMIONE

Will.  You.  Stop.  Eating!  Your 
best friend is missing!

RON

Oi!  Turn around, you lunatic.

GINNY

Hes covered in blood again.  Why 
is it hes always covered in 
blood?

RON

Looks like his own this time.

HERMIONE

Whereve you been, Harry?  And 
what happened to your face?

HARRY

Later.  Whatve I missed?

RON

Sorting Hat urged us all to be 
brave and strong in these troubled 
times -- easy for it to say -- 
its a hat, isnt it?  First Years 
seemed to enjoy it, though.  
Wankers. Filch give you the wand 
outside?

HARRY

Thanks...

HERMIONE

Whats happened to his hand?

DUMBLEDORE

The very best of evenings to you!  
First off, please join me in 
welcoming the newest member of our 
staff, Horace Slughorn.

DUMBLEDORE

Professor Slughorn, Im happy to 
say, has agreed to resume his old 
post of Potions master.  Meanwhile 
the post of Defense Against the 
Dark Arts will be assumed by 
Professor Snape.

DUMBLEDORE

Now, as you know, each and every 
one of you was searched upon your 
arrival tonight.  You have a right 
to know why.

DUMBLEDORE

Once there was a young man who, 
like you, sat in this very Hall.  
Walked this castles corridors.  
Slept beneath its roof.  He 
seemed, to all the world, a 
student like any other.  His name?  
Tom Riddle.
The Hall goes utterly silent.

DUMBLEDORE

Today, of course, the world knows 
him by another name.  Which is 
why, as I stand looking out upon 
you all tonight, I am reminded of 
a sobering fact.  Each day, every 
hour, this very minute perhaps, 
dark forces attempt to penetrate 
this castle.  But in the end, 
their greatest weapon remains... 
you.

DUMBLEDORE

Just something to keep in mind.  
Now, off to bed.  Pip pip!

RON

That was cheerful.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

History of Magic is up, ladies, 
not down.  Mr. Davies -- thats 
the girls toilet...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Potter!

HARRY

This cant be good.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Enjoying ourself, are we?

HARRY

Well, you see, Ive got an open 
period this morning, Professor --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

So I noticed.  I would think youd 
want to fill it with Potions.  Or 
is it no longer your ambition to 
become an Auror?

HARRY

It is.  Or was.  But I was told I 
had to get an Outstanding in my 
O.W.L. --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

And so you did when Professor 
Snape was teaching Potions.  
However, Professor Slughorn is 
perfectly happy to accept N.E.W.T. 
students with Exceeds 
Expectations.

HARRY

Really?  Well... brilliant.  Ill 
head there straight away.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Good.  And take Weasley with you.  
He looks far too happy over there.

RON

But I dont want to take Potions!

SLUGHORN

Harry mboy!  I was beginning to 
worry!  And I see weve brought 
someone with us...

RON

Ron Weasley, sir.  But Im dead 
awful at Potions, a menace 
actually, so I probably should 
just be going --

SLUGHORN

Nonsense, well sort you out.  Any 
friend of Harrys is a friend of 
mine.  Right then, books out --

HARRY

Um, sorry, sir, but I havent got 
my book yet -- nors Ron.  You  
see -- 

SLUGHORN

Not to worry.  You can get what 
you need from the cupboard.

SLUGHORN

Now, as I was saying, Ive 
prepared a few concoctions this 
morning.  Any ideas what these 
might be?  Yes, Miss...?

HERMIONE

Granger, sir.  That one there is 
Veritaserum.  And that would be 
Polyjuice Potion.  And that is Amortentia! The most 
powerful love potion in the world.

HERMIONE

Its rumored to smell differently 
to each person, according to what 
attracts them.  For example, I 
smell freshly mown grass and 
new parchment and spearmint 
toothpaste --

SLUGHORN

One of my best friends is Muggle-
born.  Shes the best in our 
year...

SLUGHORN

Now Amortentia doesnt create 
actual love, of course.  Thats 
impossible.  But it does cause a 
powerful infatuation or obsession.  
For that reason, it is probably 
the most dangerous potion in this 
room.

KATIE BELL

Sir, you havent told us whats in 
that one.

SLUGHORN

Ah yes...

SLUGHORN

What you see before you, ladies 
and gentlemen, is a curious little 
potion known as Felix Felicis.  
But it is more commonly referred 
to as --

HERMIONE

Liquid luck.

SLUGHORN

Yes, Miss Granger.  Desperately 
tricky to make.  Disastrous should 
you get it wrong.  But brewed 
correctly, as this has been, it 
has remarkable powers.  One sip 
and you will find that all your 
endeavors succeed... at least 
until the effects wear off.

KATIE BELL

But then why dont people drink it 
all the time?

SLUGHORN

Because taken in excess it causes 
giddiness, recklessness and 
dangerous overconfidence.

BLAISE

Have you ever taken it, sir?

SLUGHORN

Twice.  Once when I was twenty-
four.  Once when I was fifty-
seven.  Two tablespoons taken at 
breakfast.  Two perfect days...

SLUGHORN

So.  This is what I offer each of 
you today.  One tiny vial of 
liquid luck... to the student who, 
in the hour that remains, manages 
to brew an acceptable Draught of 
Living Death, the recipe for which 
can be found on page ten of your 
textbook.

SLUGHORN

You should know that in all the 
years of my previous tenure at 
Hogwarts, not once did a student 
brew a potion of sufficient 
quality to claim this prize.  In 
any event -- good luck.

HERMIONE

How did you do that?

HARRY

Crush it.  Dont cut it.

HERMIONE

No.  The instructions specifically 
say to cut.

HARRY

No.  Really --

HERMIONE

Sh!

SLUGHORN

Merlins Beard!  But its perfect.  
So perfect I daresay one sip would 
kill us all!  Your mother was a 
dab hand at potions, but this... 
My, my, what cant you do, mboy?  
Perhaps you will save us all in 
the end...

SLUGHORN

Here you are then, as promised.  
One bottle of Felix Felicis.  Use 
it well.

DUMBLEDORE

Good evening, Harry.  You got my 
message, I see.  Come, come.  Sit.

DUMBLEDORE

So.  How are you?

HARRY

Fine, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Enjoying your classes?  Professor 
Slughorn, for one, is most 
impressed with you.

HARRY

I think he overestimates my 
abilities, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Do you?

HARRY

Definitely.

DUMBLEDORE

And what of your activities 
outside the classroom?  Do they 
bring you satisfaction?

HARRY

Sir?

DUMBLEDORE

I notice you spend a great deal of 
time with Miss Granger.  One cant 
help but wonder if --

HARRY

No!  I mean... shes brilliant.  
And were friends.  But... no.

DUMBLEDORE

Forgive me, Harry, I...

DUMBLEDORE

... I was merely curious.
In any event, Im sure youre 
wondering why Ive summoned you 
here tonight.  The answer lies 
here.

DUMBLEDORE

What you see before you are 
memories.  In this case pertaining 
to one individual:  Voldemort.  Or 
as he was known then... Tom 
Riddle.

DUMBLEDORE

This vial contains a most 
particular memory -- of the day I 
first met him.  Id like you to 
see it.  If you would...

MRS. COLE

I must confess to a bit of 
confusion upon receiving your 
letter, Mr. Dumbledore.  In all 
the years Toms been here, hes 
never once had a family visitor.  
Frankly, I was stunned to find 
that someone knew of his 
existence.

DUMBLEDORE

I am not family.  But his name has 
been known to me since birth.

MRS. COLE

I see...

MRS. COLE

I think I should tell you.  Hes a 
funny boy -- Tom.  Odd.  There 
have been incidents with the other 
children.  Nasty things.

DUMBLEDORE

Perhaps you could give me an 
example.

MRS. COLE

Youve got a visitor, Tom.

DUMBLEDORE

How do you do, Tom.

MRS. COLE

Well, Ill leave you two to 
yourselves.

TOM RIDDLE

Dont.

DUMBLEDORE

As you wish.

TOM RIDDLE

Youre the doctor, arent you?

DUMBLEDORE

No.  I am a Professor.

TOM RIDDLE

I dont believe you.  I hear Mrs. 
Cole talking, her and the rest of 
the staff.  They want me looked 
at.  They think Im different.

DUMBLEDORE

Perhaps theyre right.

TOM RIDDLE

Im not mad.

DUMBLEDORE

Hogwarts is not a place for mad 
people.

DUMBLEDORE

Its a school.  A school of... 
magic.

DUMBLEDORE

You can do things, cant you, Tom?  
Things the other children cant.

TOM RIDDLE

Yes.

DUMBLEDORE

Tell me some of the things you can 
do, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

I can make things move -- without 
touching them.  I can make animals 
do what I want without training 
them.  I can make bad things 
happen to people who are mean to 
me.  I can make them hurt... if I 
want.

TOM RIDDLE

Who are you?

DUMBLEDORE

Im like you, Tom.  Different.

TOM RIDDLE

Prove it.

DUMBLEDORE

I think there is something trying 
to get out of your wardrobe, Tom.  
Open it.  Open.  It.

DUMBLEDORE

Take it out.

DUMBLEDORE

Is there anything in that box you 
ought not to have?

DUMBLEDORE

Why did you want these things, 
Tom?

TOM RIDDLE

I like having things that belonged 
to other people.  It makes me feel 
... close to them.

DUMBLEDORE

Thievery is not tolerated at 
Hogwarts.  At Hogwarts, you will 
be taught not only how to use 
magic, but to control it.  
Understood?
Ill be going now, Tom.  Leave 
your window open tonight.  An owl 
will bring you a message.  Read it 
carefully.

TOM RIDDLE

I can speak to snakes too.

TOM RIDDLE

They find me.  Whisper things.  Is 
that normal.  For someone like me?

DUMBLEDORE

It is unusual.  But not unheard 
of.

HARRY

Did you know, sir?  Then?

DUMBLEDORE

Did I know that I had just met the 
most dangerous Dark Wizard of all 
time?  No.  Had I...

DUMBLEDORE

Over time, while here at Hogwarts, 
Tom Riddle grew close to one 
particular teacher.  Can you guess 
which teacher that might be?

HARRY

You didnt bring Professor 
Slughorn back simply to teach 
Potions, did you, sir?

DUMBLEDORE

No.  I did not.  You see, 
Professor Slughorn possesses 
something I desire very dearly.  
And he will not part with it 
easily...
Id rather not divulge any more 
just yet, Harry.  But I promise.  
In time you will know everything.

HARRY

You said Professor Slughorn would 
try to collect me.

DUMBLEDORE

I did.

HARRY

Do you want me to let him?

DUMBLEDORE

Yes.

HARRY

All right!  Queue up!  Excuse 
me...

GINNY

Shut It!

HARRY

Thanks.  All right.  This morning 
Ill be putting you all through a 
few drills to assess your 
strengths.  But know this:  Just 
because you made the team last 
year does not guarantee you a spot 
this year.  Is that clear?

CORMAC

No hard feelings, Weasley, 
alright?

RON

Hard feelings?

CORMAC

Ill be going out for Keeper as 
well.  Nothing personal.

RON

Really?  Strapping guy like you, 
youve got a Beaters build, dont 
you think?  Keeper needs to be 
agile, quick --

CORMAC

I like my chances.  Say... think 
you could introduce me to your 
friend Granger?  Wouldnt mind 
getting on a first name basis, 
know what I mean?

HARRY

All right.  Cormac.  Ron.  Its 
down to you two for Keeper.  Well 
decide it with a shootout.  
Demelza, youll bring the Quaffle 
up against Cormac.  Ginny, youll 
take on Ron.

CORMAC

Hang on.  Shes his sister.  How 
do I know she wont toss him a 
floater?

GINNY

Piss off, Cormac.  How bout I 
toss you a floater?

HARRY

Quiet!  Im Captain.  We do it my 
way.  Now line up.  On three.  
One.  Two... Three!

HARRY

Cmon, Ron...

LAVENDER BROWN

Isnt he brilliant?

RON

Have to admit, thought I was going 
to miss that last one.  Hope 
Cormacs not taking it too hard.

RON

Has a bit of a thing for you, 
Hermione.  Cormac.

HERMIONE

Hes vile.

HARRY

Ever heard of this spell?

HERMIONE

No I have not. And if you had a 
shred of self-respect you would 
turn that book in.

RON

Not bloody likely.  Hes top of 
the class.  Even better than you, 
Hermione.  Slughorn thinks hes a 
genius.

RON

What?

HERMIONE

Id like to know just whose book 
that was.  Lets take a look, 
shall we?

HARRY

No.

HERMIONE

Why not?

HARRY

Its... old.  The binding is 
fragile.

HERMIONE

The binding is fragile?

GINNY

Whos the Half-Blood Prince?

HERMIONE

The who?

RON

The who?

GINNY

Thats what it says.  Right here.  
This Book is the Property of the 
Half-Blood Prince.

HERMIONE

For weeks you carry around this 
book, practically sleep with it... 
and you have no desire to find out 
who The Half-Blood Prince is?

HARRY

I didnt say I wasnt curious.  
And, by the way, I dont sleep
with it.

RON

Yeah. Right.
Well, its true.  I like a nice 
chat before I go to bed.  Now 
youre always reading that bloody 
book.  Its like being with 
Hermione.

HERMIONE

Well, I was curious.  So I went  
to

HARRY

The library.

RON

The library.

HARRY

And?

HERMIONE

And... nothing.  Theres no 
reference to the Half-Blood Prince 
anywhere.

HARRY

Good.  That settles it then.

HAGRID

Hey, you three!

HERMIONE

Whatve you got there, Hagrid?

HAGRID

Stinksap.  Burn the whiskers right 
off yer chin.  Trees ere are 
drippin with it.

HERMIONE

Stinksap?  Youre not sick, are 
you?

HAGRID

Its not fer me.  Its fer Aragog.  
Yeh remember Aragog, don yeh?

RON

Spider?  About six feet tall?  Ten 
feet wide?

HAGRID

Thas the one.  Hes taken ill.  
Im hopin ter nurse im back.  
Keep yer fingers crossed.

RON

Barking.  Does he not remember 
that raving arachnid tried to eat 
us? What?

HERMIONE

The Aurors. I know theyre here 
to protect us, but... somehow I 
dont feel any safer.

SLUGHORN

Filius!  I was hoping to find you 
at the Three Broomsticks.

FLITWICK

Emergency choir practice, Im 
afraid, Horace.

HARRY

Whos up for a Butterbeer?

HARRY

No.  Over here.

HARRY

No, no.  Sit next to me.

RON

O-kay.

SKINNY KID

Whatll we have?

HERMIONE

Three Butterbeers.  Splash of 
ginger in mine, please.

RON

Aw, bloody hell...

HERMIONE

Oh, honestly, Ronald.  Theyre 
just holding hands...

HERMIONE

And snogging.

RON

Id like to leave.

HERMIONE

Leave?  You cant be serious.

RON

That happens to be my sister.

HERMIONE

So?  What if she looked over here 
and saw you snogging me?  Would 
you expect her to get up and 
leave?

SLUGHORN

Harry, mboy!

HARRY

Hello, sir.  Wonderful to see you.

HARRY

So what brings you here, sir?

SLUGHORN

Oh, the Three Broomsticks and I go 
way back.  Longer than Id care to 
admit.  In fact, I remember when 
it was simply One Broomstick!

SLUGHORN

Oops!  All hands on deck, Granger!

SLUGHORN

Listen, mboy.  In the old days, I 
used to throw together the 
occasional supper and invite a 
select student or two.  Would you 
be game?

HARRY

Id consider it an honor, sir.

SLUGHORN

Youd be welcome too, Granger.

HERMIONE

Be delighted, sir.

SLUGHORN

Brilliant.  Look for my owl.
Good to see you, Wallenby.

RON

Whatre you playing at?

HARRY

Dumbledore asked me to... get to 
know him.

RON

Get to know him?

HARRY

Dunno.  But it must be important.  
Otherwise Dumbledore wouldnt ask.

RON

Um... Youve got a little...

RON

Bit worried about her.  Did you 
hear that rubbish she was talking 
back in the pub?  Her and me 
snogging.  Ha.  As if...

LEANNE

Katie.  You dont know what it 
could be!

HERMIONE

Whats up?

LEANNE

I warned her!  I warned her not to 
touch it!

RON

Harry, shes swallowing her  
tongue -- 

HERMIONE

Ill get someone -- 

HARRY

Theres no time!

HAGRID

Get back!  All o yeh!

HAGRID

Now, now.  Now, now...

HAGRID

Don go touchin tha but by the 
wrappins.  Unnerstan?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Youre sure Katie did not have 
this in her possession when she 
entered the Three Broomsticks, 
Leanne?

LEANNE

Its like I said.  She went to the 
loo and when she came back she had 
the package.  She said it was 
important she deliver it.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Did she say to whom?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

All right, Leanne.  You may go.
Why is it always you three?  Hm?  
When something happens?

RON

Believe me, Professor, Ive been 
asking myself the same question 
for six years.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Severus.
Is this it?

SNAPE

What do you think?

SNAPE

I think Miss Bell is lucky to be 
alive.

HARRY

She was cursed, wasnt she?  I 
know Katie.  Off the Quidditch 
pitch she wouldnt hurt a fly.  If 
she was bringing that to someone, 
she wasnt doing it knowingly.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Yes.  She was cursed.

HARRY

It was Malfoy.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Thats a very serious accusation, 
Potter.

SNAPE

Indeed.  Your evidence?

HARRY

I... just... know.

SNAPE

You... just... know.  Once again 
you astonish with your gifts, 
Potter, gifts mere mortals could 
only dream of possessing.  How 
grand it must be to be the Chosen 
One.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

I suggest you return to your 
dormitory.  All of you.

RON

What do you suppose Dean sees in 
her?  Ginny.

HARRY

What does she see in him?

RON

Dean?  Hes brilliant.

HARRY

You called him a slick git not 
five hours ago.

RON

Yeah, well, he was running his 
hands all over my sister, wasnt 
he?  Something snaps.  Youve got 
to hate him.  You know, on 
principle.

HARRY

I suppose.

RON

So what is it?  He sees in her?

HARRY

I dont know.  Shes smart.  
Funny.  Attractive...

RON

Attractive?

HARRY

You know.  Shes... got nice skin.

RON

Skin?  Youre saying Deans dating 
my sister because of her skin?

HARRY

Well, no.  I mean... Im just 
saying it could be a contributing 
factor.

RON

Hermiones got nice skin.  
Wouldnt you say?  As skin goes, I 
mean.

HARRY

Ive never really thought about 
it.  But I suppose, yeah.  Very 
nice.

HARRY

I think Ill be going to sleep 
now.

RON

Right.

SLUGHORN 

A toast!

SLUGHORN

To Hogwarts best and brightest!

CORMAC

Here, here!

NEVILLE

Which one do I use for the soup?

SLUGHORN

So tell me, Cormac.  See much of 
your Uncle Tiberius these days?

CORMAC

Yes, sir.  In fact, Im meant to 
go hunting with him and the 
Minister for Magic over holiday.

SLUGHORN

Well, be sure to give them both my 
best.  What about your uncle, 
Belby?  Working on anything new?
For those of you who dont know, 
Marcus uncle invented the 
Wolfsbane Potion.

MARCUS BELBY

Dunno.  He and me dad dont get 
on. Probably because Dad thinks 
potions are rubbish.  Says the 
only potion worth having is a 
stiff one at the end of the --

SLUGHORN

And you, Miss Granger?  What is it 
your family does in the Muggle 
world?

HERMIONE

My parents are dentists.  They 
tend to peoples teeth.

SLUGHORN

Fascinating.  And is that 
considered a dangerous profession?

HERMIONE

No.  Though, a boy named Robbie 
Fenwick did bite my father once.  
Needed ten stitches.

SLUGHORN

Miss Weasley!  Come in, come in.

GINNY

Sorry, Im not ordinarily late -- 

SLUGHORN

No matter.  Youll be just in time 
for dessert.  That is -- if Belby 
leaves you any.

HERMIONE

Look at her eyes.  Theyve been 
fighting again.  Her and Dean.

HARRY

What?

HERMIONE

Nothing.

SLUGHORN

Thank you, one and all, for a most 
stimulating evening.  Well have 
to do it again.

SLUGHORN

Oh.  Potter.

HARRY

Sorry, sir, I was just admiring 
your hourglass.

SLUGHORN

Ah, yes.  A most intriguing 
object.  The sands run in 
accordance to the quality of the 
conversation.  When it is 
stimulating, the sands run slow.  
When it is not...

HARRY

I think Ill be going.

SLUGHORN

Nonsense.  You have nothing to 
fear, mboy.  As for some of your 
classmates, well, lets just say, 
theyre unlikely to make the 
shelf.

HARRY

The shelf, sir?

SLUGHORN

Anyone who aspires to be anyone 
hopes to end up here.  Then 
again... you are already someone 
arent you, Harry?

HARRY

I dont really know how to answer 
that, sir.

SLUGHORN

Your mother was modest too.  Your 
father not so much.  As you can 
see, he did not make the shelf.

HARRY

Did Voldemort ever make the shelf, 
sir?

HARRY

You knew him, didnt you, sir?  
Tom Riddle.  You were his teacher.

SLUGHORN

Mr. Riddle had many teachers while 
here at Hogwarts.

HARRY

What was he like?

HARRY

Im sorry, sir.  Forgive me.  He 
killed my parents, you see...

SLUGHORN

Of course.  Its only natural that 
you should want to know more.  Im 
afraid I must disappoint you, 
Harry.  When I first met young Mr. 
Riddle, he was simply a quiet, 
albeit brilliant, boy committed to 
becoming a first-rate wizard.  Not 
unlike the others Ive known.  In 
fact, not unlike... you.  If the 
monster existed, it was buried 
deep within.

NEVILLE

Good luck, eh, Ron?

SEAMUS

Counting on you, Ron.  Ive two 
Galleons on Gryffindor.

RON

So.  How was it?

HERMIONE

How was what?

RON

Your dinner party.

HERMIONE

Dead boring.  Though I think Harry 
enjoyed dessert.

HERMIONE

Ol Sluggys having a Christmas 
do, you know.  And were meant to 
bring someone...

RON

I expect youll be going with 
McLaggen.  Isnt he a member of 
the Slug Club?

HERMIONE

Actually, I was going to ask you.

RON

Really?

HERMIONE

Really.  But seeing as you have 
such a distaste for the idea --

LAVENDER BROWN

Good luck today, Ron!  I know 
youll be brilliant!

RON

Im resigning.  After todays 
match.  McLaggen can have my spot.

HARRY

Have it your way.  Juice?

RON

Sure...

LUNA

Hello, everyone.  You look 
dreadful, Ron.

LUNA

Is that why you just put something 
in his cup.  Is it a tonic?

HERMIONE

Dont drink that, Ron!

HERMIONE

You could be expelled for that.

HARRY

Dunno what youre talking about.

RON

Cmon, Harry.  Weve got a game to 
win.

GINNY

Whats gotten into him?

DEAN

Ginny!  Lets go!

CROWD

Weasley!  Weasley!  Weasley!

HERMIONE

Ron seems to be enjoying himself.

HARRY

Yep.  Apparently its his lucky 
day.

HERMIONE

You shouldnt have done it, Harry.

HARRY

Yeah.  I suppose I couldve just 
used, I dunno... a Confundus
charm?

HERMIONE

That was different.  It was 
tryouts.  This was an actual 
match --

HERMIONE

You didnt put it in?
Ron only thought you did?

HERMIONE

Charms spell.  Just practicing.

HARRY

Ah.  Well... theyre really good.

HERMIONE

How does it feel, Harry?  When you 
see Dean with Ginny?
I know, Harry.  Youre my best 
friend.  I see how you look at 
her.

LAVENDER BROWN

Oops.  I think this rooms taken.

RON

Whats with the birds?

HERMIONE

Oppugno!

HARRY

It feels like this.

RON

Look, I cant help it if shes got 
her knickers in a twist.  What Lav 
and I have -- well, lets just say 
there was no stopping it.  Its 
chemical.  Will it last?  Who 
knows?  Point is, Im a free 
agent.

HERMIONE

Hes at perfect liberty to kiss 
whomever he likes.  I really 
couldnt care less.  Was I under 
the impression that he and I would 
be attending Slughorns Christmas 
party together?  Yes.  Of course, 
now, given the circumstances, Ive 
had to make other arrangements.

HARRY

Have you?

HERMIONE

Yes.  Why?

HARRY

I just thought, you know, since 
neither one of us can take who 
wed really like... maybe wed go 
together.  As friends.

HERMIONE

Why didnt I think of that?

HARRY

So who are you taking?

HERMIONE

Um... its a surprise.  Besides, 
its you we need to worry about.  
And you cant pick just anyone.  
See that girl over there.  Thats 
Romilda Vane.  Rumor has it shes 
trying to slip you a love potion.

HARRY

Really...?

HERMIONE

Hey! Shes only interested in you 
because she thinks youre the 
Chosen One.  You know that, right?

HARRY

But I am the Chosen One.

HARRY

Okay.  Kidding.  Ill just ask 
someone I like.  Someone cool.

LUNA

Ive never been to this part of 
the castle.  At least not while 
awake.  I sleepwalk, you see.  
Its why I wear shoes to bed.

SLUGHORN

Someone has taken a BITE out of it.
Thank you, Adrian!
One of mine.  Class of 78.  I had 
hoped for more out of him, but at 
least the pictures are in focus.
Oh my!  Excuse me, Harry.  I must 
greet the new Minister of Magical 
Transportation.  Class of 67.
Mingle, mboy!  Mingle!  Were all 
friends here.  And we run the 
world.

VOICE

Drink?

HARRY

Neville...?

NEVILLE

I didnt make the cut for the Slug 
Club.  Its okay.  Hes got Belby 
handing out towels in the loo.

ELDRED WORPLE

Lovegood, did you say?  I once 
encountered a seriously unbalanced 
man by that name at a book 
signing.  Claimed to run a 
magazine...

HARRY

Whatre you doing?

HARRY

And whats happened to you?

HERMIONE

Hm?  Oh, Ive just escaped -- I 
mean, left Cormac.  Under the 
mistletoe.

HARRY

Cormac!  Thats who you invited!

HERMIONE

I thought it would annoy Ron most.  
But hes a menace.  Hes got more 
tentacles than a Snarfalump plant.

WAITER

Dragon tartar?

HERMIONE

No thank you.

WAITER

Just as well.  They give one 
horribly bad breath.

HERMIONE

On second thought -- maybe itll 
keep Cormac at bay.  Oh no, here 
he comes!

HARRY

I think she went to powder her 
nose.

CORMAC

Slippery little minx, your friend.  
Likes to work her mouth too, 
doesnt she?  Yak yak yak. What 
is this Im eating, by the way?

HARRY

Dragon balls.

SNAPE

Whats going on back here?

SNAPE

Youve just bought yourself a 
months detention, McLaggen.

SNAPE

Not so quick, Potter.

HARRY

I think I should rejoin the party, 
sir.  My date...

SNAPE

... can surely survive your 
absence for another minute or two.  

SNAPE

Besides, I only wish to convey a 
message.

HARRY

A message...?

SNAPE

From Professor Dumbledore.  He 
asked that I give you his best and 
that he hopes you enjoy your 
holiday.  You see, hes traveling 
and wont return until term 
resumes.

HARRY

Traveling?  Where?

MALFOY

Take your hands off me,  you 
filthy squib!

FILCH

Professor Slughorn, sir!  Ive 
just discovered this boy lurking 
in an upstairs corridor.  He 
claims to have been invited to 
your party.

MALFOY

Okay, okay, I was gate-crashing.  
Happy?

SNAPE

Ill escort him out.

MALFOY

Certainly... Professor.

MALFOY

Maybe I did hex that Bell girl.  
Maybe I didnt.  Whats it to you?

SNAPE

I swore to protect you.  I made 
the Unbreakable Vow --

MALFOY

I dont need protection.  I was 
chosen for this!  Out of all 
others.  Me!  And I wont fail 
him.

SNAPE

Youre afraid, Draco.  You attempt 
to conceal it, but its obvious.  
Let me assist you --

MALFOY

No!  I was chosen.  This is my 
moment!

RON

Unbreakable Vow.  Youre sure 
thats what Snape said.

HARRY

Positive.  Why?

RON

Its just, well, you cant break 
an Unbreakable Vow.

HARRY

Id worked that much out for 
myself, funnily enough.

RON

No, you dont understand -- Oh, 
bloody hell...

HARRY

Lovely.

RON

All she wants to do is snog me.  
My lips are getting chapped.  
Look.

HARRY

Ill take your word for it.

HARRY

So what happens?  If you break an 
Unbreakable Vow?

RON

You die.

MRS. WEASLEY

Eat up, eat up, everyone!  Theres 
more to come!

HARRY

Dracos plotting something, I know 
it, something to do with 
Voldemort.  Hes been given a task 
or a mission -- and Snape was 
offering to help.

LUPIN

Voldemort has chosen Draco Malfoy 
for a mission?

HARRY

I know it sounds mad --

LUPIN

Has it occurred to you, Harry, 
that Snape was simply pretending 
to offer Draco help so that he 
could find out what hes up to?

HARRY

Thats not what it sounded like.

TONKS

Perhaps Harrys right, Remus.  To 
make an Unbreakable Vow, after  
all --

LUPIN

It comes down to whether or not 
you trust Dumbledores judgement.  
He trusts Snape.  Therefore, I do.

HARRY

But Dumbledore can make mistakes.  
Hes said it himself --

LUPIN

Youre blinded by hatred.

HARRY

Im not --

LUPIN

You are!  People are disappearing, 
Harry.  Daily.  We can only put 
our trust in a handful of people.  
If we start fighting amongst 
ourselves, were doomed.

GINNY

Open up, you.

GINNY

Dont trust me?

HARRY

Its good.

GINNY

Course tis.  Made them myself.

MR. WEASLEY

Youll have to forgive Remus.  It 
takes its toll -- his condition.

HARRY

Are you alright, Mr. Weasley?

MR. WEASLEY

Were being followed, all of us.  
Molly doesnt leave the house most 
days.  Its not been easy.

HARRY

Did you get my owl?

MR. WEASLEY

Yes, but I thought it best if I 
replied in person.  If 
Dumbledores traveling, its news 
to the Ministry.  But perhaps 
thats the way Dumbledore wants 
it.  As for Draco Malfoy -- I know 
a bit more.

HARRY

Go on.

MR. WEASLEY

I sent an agent to Borgin & 
Burkes.  From what you describe, I 
think what you and Ron saw at the 
end of the summer -- the object 
that Draco seemed so interested in 
-- was a Vanishing Cabinet.

HARRY

A Vanishing Cabinet?

MR. WEASLEY

They were all the rage when 
Voldemort first rose to power.  
You can imagine the appeal.  
Should the Death Eaters come 
calling, one needed only slip 
inside and disappear for an hour 
or two.  But theyre tricky 
contraptions.  Require a 
tremendous amount of looking 
after.  Eventually they fell out 
of favor.

HARRY

What happened to it?  The one at 
Borgin & Burkes?

MR. WEASLEY

Nothing.  Its still there.

MR. WEASLEY

Harry.  You know, I went through 
all this before -- the last time 
around.  Times like these -- dark 
times -- do funny things to 
people.  It can bring them 
together and it can tear them 
apart.  Things... speed up.  Its 
what happens when you dont know 
if today will be your last.

TONKS

It was delicious, Molly.  Really.

MRS. WEASLEY

Youre sure you wont stay?

TONKS

No, we should go.
The first night of the cycle is 
always the worst --

MRS. WEASLEY

Remus...?

GINNY

Everyone gone to bed?

HARRY

Soon.

GINNY

I dont sleep these days.  So I 
wash my hair.  Silly, right?

GINNY

Happy Christmas, Harry.

TONKS

Sweetheart...

LUPIN

Theres someone out there.  I can 
smell him.  Theres more than   
one --

GINNY

Oh my god...

MR. WEASLEY

Harry, no!

TONKS

Remus!

MR. WEASLEY

Ginny, stay with your mother!

GINNY

No, Harry!  Its a trap!

GREYBACK

Dont you smell clean.

HERMIONE 

Youre lucky you werent killed.

HERMIONE

You have to realize who you are, 
Harry.

HARRY

I know who I am, Hermione, 
alright?

HERMIONE

Sorry.
So tell me what Arthur said.

HARRY

If Dumbledores traveling places, 
its news to the Ministry.  But 
get this:  that night at Borgin & 
Burkes?  It seems Draco was 
looking at a Vanishing Cabinet.

HERMIONE

What would Draco want with a 
Vanishing Cabinet?

HARRY

You tell me.

HERMIONE

He looks different, dont you 
think?  Draco.  Almost... ill. 

HARRY

Who could tell the difference?

RON

Lav, cmon. Of course Ill wear 
it.

LAVENDER BROWN

Thats my Won-Won.

HERMIONE

Excuse me, I have to go vomit.

TOM RIDDLE

Sir, is it true that Professor 
Merrythought is retiring?

SLUGHORN

Now, Tom, I couldnt tell you if I 
knew, could I?  I must say, mboy, 
Id like to know where you get 
your information.  More 
knowledgeable than half the staff, 
you are.
By the way, thank you for the 
pineapple -- youre quite right, 
it is my favorite -- how is it you 
knew?

TOM RIDDLE

Intuition.

SLUGHORN

Good gracious, look at the time.  
Off you go, boys, or Professor 
Dippett will have us all in 
detention.  Lestrange, Avery, 
dont forget your essays...

SLUGHORN

Look sharp, Tom.  You dont want 
to be caught out of bed after 
hours...

TOM RIDDLE

I know a secret shortcut or two.

SLUGHORN

Yes, I imagine you do.  Something 
on your mind, Tom?

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, sir.  I couldnt think of 
anyone else to go to.  The other 
professors, well, theyre not like 
you.  They might... misunderstand.

SLUGHORN

Go on.

TOM RIDDLE

I was in the library the other 
night, in the Restricted section, 
and I read something rather odd, 
about a bit of rare magic, and I 
thought perhaps you could 
illuminate me...

SLUGHORN

I dont know anything about such 
things and I wouldnt tell you if 
I did!  Now get out of here at 
once and dont ever let me catch 
you mentioning it again!

DUMBLEDORE

Confused?  I would be surprised if 
you werent.

HARRY

I dont understand -- what 
happened?

DUMBLEDORE

This is perhaps the most important 
memory Ive collected.  Its also 
a lie.
This memory has been tampered 
with.  In this case by the person 
whose memory it is, our friend 
Professor Slughorn.

HARRY

But why would he tamper with his 
own memory?

DUMBLEDORE

I suspect he is ashamed of it.

HARRY

Why?

DUMBLEDORE

Why indeed.

DUMBLEDORE

I asked you to get to know 
Professor Slughorn and youve done 
so.  

DUMBLEDORE

Now I want you to persuade him to 
divulge his true memory.  Any way 
you can.

HARRY

I dont know him that well, sir -- 

DUMBLEDORE

Youre the Chosen One, Harry.  And 
Horace is, at heart, a decent man.  
Provide the proper circumstances 
and he will confess his sins.

DUMBLEDORE

This memory is everything, Harry.  
Without it, we are blind. Without 
it, we leave the fate of our world 
to chance.  You have no choice.  
You must not fail.

SLUGHORN

Now dont forget to look over the 
chapter on antidotes.  Ill be 
poisoning one of you next time we 
meet.  Im joking!  Off you go!  
Dont forget your rattails, Miss 
Alys.

SLUGHORN

Ah! If it isnt the Prince of 
Potions himself!  To what do I owe 
the pleasure?

HARRY

Well, sir, I wondered if I might 
ask you something.

SLUGHORN

Ask away, my dear boy, ask away!

HARRY

Well, you see, the other day I was 
in the Restricted Section -- in 
the library -- and I stumbled upon 
something rather odd while 
reading.  Something about a bit of 
rare magic...

SLUGHORN

Yes?  And exactly what was this 
rare magic.

HARRY

Im not sure... That is, I dont 
recall the name... exactly.  But 
it got me wondering... Are there 
some kinds of magic youre not 
allowed to teach?

SLUGHORN

Im a Potions Professor, Harry.  
Perhaps your question would best 
be posed to Professor Snape.

HARRY

Yes, well, we dont exactly see 
eye-to-eye, sir.  What I mean to 
say is, hes not like you.  He 
might... misunderstand.

SLUGHORN

There can be no light without the 
dark.  And so it is with magic.  
Myself, I have always strived to 
live within the light.  I suggest 
you do the same.

HARRY

Did you say the same to Tom 
Riddle, sir?  When he came asking 
questions.

SLUGHORN

Dumbledore put you up to this.  
Didnt he?  Didnt he!

HARRY

Sir -- 

HERMIONE

Dead.
Did you actually expect you could 
just walk up to Ol Sluggy and ask 
him to reveal his deepest, darkest 
secret?  Honestly, Harry, 
sometimes I think the Daily 
Prophet should call you the Dim 
One.

HARRY

Nice.

HERMIONE

Youre going to have to persuade
him somehow.  And now, Im afraid, 
youve made it a lot harder.

HARRY

Hermione.  I think Malfoys 
leaving the castle.

HARRY

Ive seen it.  Sometimes... 
sometimes he just disappears off 
the Map.

HERMIONE

Thats... not possible.  No one 
can leave the castle these days.  
The Map is wrong.

HARRY

The Map is never wrong.

RON

Its beautiful, isnt it?  The 
moon.

HARRY

Divine.  Had ourselves a little 
late-night snack, did we?

RON

It was on your bed.  The box.  
Thought Id try one...

HARRY

Or twenty.

RON

I cant stop thinking about her, 
Harry.

HARRY

Really?  Honestly, I reckoned she 
was starting to annoy you.

RON

She could never annoy me.  I 
think... I think I love her.

HARRY

Excuse me?

HARRY

Well... Brilliant.

RON

Do you think she knows I exist?

HARRY

Bloody well hope so.  Shes been 
snogging you for three months.

RON

Snogging?  Whore you talking 
about?

HARRY

Whore you talking about?

RON

Romilda, of course.  Romilda Vane.

HARRY

Okay.  Very funny.

HARRY

What the hell was that for?

RON

Its no joke!  Im in love with 
her!

HARRY

Okay!  Fine!  Youre in love with 
her!  Have you ever actually met
her!

RON

No.  Can you introduce me?

HARRY

Ron, these chocolates, theyre -- 
Cmon.  Im going to introduce you 
to Romilda Vane.

RON

How do I look?

HARRY

Devastatingly handsome.

SLUGHORN

Damn it all!

SLUGHORN

Yes???!!!!
Oh.  Potter.  Its you.  Im 
afraid Im busy at the moment -- 

HARRY

Sir.  Im sorry.  I wouldnt 
bother you if it werent 
absolutely -- 

RON

Wheres Romilda?

SLUGHORN

Whats the matter with Wenby?

SLUGHORN

Ah.  Very well.  Bring him in.

SLUGHORN

Id have thought you could whip up 
a remedy for this in no time, 
Harry -- an expert potioneer like 
you.

HARRY

I figured this called for a more 
practiced hand, sir.

RON

Hello, darling.  Fancy a drink?

SLUGHORN

Hm.  Perhaps youre right.

HARRY

Im sorry, sir.  About the other 
day.  Our... misunderstanding.

SLUGHORN

Yes, well, water under the bridge 
as they say, correct?

HARRY

I mean, Im sure youre tired of 
it, after all these years.  The 
questions.  About... Voldemort.

SLUGHORN

Ill ask you not to use that name.

HARRY

Yes, sir.  Its just, well, 
Dumbledore once said that fear of 
a name only increases fear of the 
thing itself.  It seemed sensible.

SLUGHORN

With all due respect, Dumbledore 
sometimes forgets that most of us 
do not possess powers so great 
that we can risk offending the 
most dangerous Dark Lord who ever 
lived.

SLUGHORN

Alright, mboy!  Bottoms up!

RON

Whats this?

SLUGHORN

A tonic for the nerves.

RON

What happened to me?

HARRY

Love potion.

SLUGHORN

And a bloody strong one at that.

RON

I feel really... bad.

SLUGHORN

Pick-me-ups what you need, mboy.
Do us all good, I think.  Ive got 
butterbeer, wine -- ah -- and a 
dazzling oak-matured mead.  I had 
other intentions for this but 
given the circumstances...

SLUGHORN

There we are, Potter.  To life!

HARRY

Ron!  Ron!!!  Professor, help him!

SLUGHORN

I d-dont understand --

HARRY

Professor!  Do something!!

HARRY

Hes choking!!

HARRY

Breathe!  Cmon, Ron, dont be a 
prat.  Breathe!  BREATHE!

RON

These girls are gonna kill me, 
Harry.

DUMBLEDORE

Quick thinking on your part, 
Harry.  Using a Bezoar.  You must 
be very proud of your student, eh, 
Horace?

SLUGHORN

Hm?  Oh.  Yes... very proud.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

I think we all agree that Mr. 
Potters actions were heroic.  The 
question is:  Why were they 
necessary.

DUMBLEDORE

Why indeed.

DUMBLEDORE

This appears to be a gift, Horace.  
You dont by chance remember who 
gave you this bottle, do you -- 
which by the way possesses 
remarkably subtle hints of 
licorice and cherry when not 
polluted with poison.

SLUGHORN

Actually I had intended to give it 
as a gift myself.

DUMBLEDORE

To whom might I ask?

SLUGHORN

You, Headmaster.

LAVENDER BROWN

Where is he?  Wheres my Won-Won!  
Has he been asking for me?
Whats she doing here?

HERMIONE

I might ask you the same.

LAVENDER BROWN

I happen to be his girlfriend.

HERMIONE

I happen to be his... friend.

LAVENDER BROWN

Dont make me laugh.  You havent 
spoken in weeks.  I suppose you 
want to make up with him now that 
hes suddenly all interesting.

HERMIONE

Hes been poisoned, you daft 
dimbo! And for the record, Ive 
always found him interesting.

LAVENDER BROWN

Ha!  See? He senses my presence.  
Im here, Won-Won. Im here --

RON

Er... My... Nee... Er!  My!  Nee!

DUMBLEDORE

Ah, to be young and feel loves 
keen sting.  Come, everyone, I 
think Mr. Weasley is well tended.

GINNY

Bout time, dont you think?

SLUGHORN

Ive always cherished my students.  
Theyre my life...

HERMIONE

Oh shut up.

HERMIONE

Ron.  Stop.  Youre making it 
snow.

RON

Huh?

RON

Tell me again how I broke up with 
Lavender?

HERMIONE

Um, well, she came to visit you in 
the hospital, you see, and you 
talked -- I dont believe it was a 
long conversation --

RON

Dont get me wrong.  Im bloody 
thrilled to be shot of her.  Its 
just she seems... a bit put out.

HERMIONE

Does, doesnt she?  And you say 
you dont remember a thing from 
that night?  Not one thing?

RON

Well... there is... something.
But no.  It cant be.  Besides, I 
was completely boggled, wasnt I?

HERMIONE

Right.  Boggled...

HERMIONE

Thats Katie.  Thats Katie Bell.

HARRY

How are you, Katie?

KATIE BELL

Give me a moment, girls.

KATIE BELL

I know youre going to ask, Harry.  
But I dont know who cursed me.  
Ive tried to remember.  Honestly.  
But I just... cant...

MALFOY

Cruci--

HARRY

Sectumsempra!

MALFOY

Dont touch me!  Dont you dare 
touch me!

GINNY

You have to get rid of it.  Today.

GINNY

Take my hand.

HARRY

The Room of Requirement...

GINNY

Over the years, if someone had a 
secret, if they wanted to conceal 
something, this is where they 
came.  Some of these things are 
almost as old as the castle 
itself.

HARRY

Who showed you this?  First.

GINNY

Fred and George.  First year.  I 
hid Tom Riddles diary here for a 
time.  Wish Id left it...

GINNY

What was that?

GINNY

See, you never know what youll 
find up here.

GINNY

All right.  Close your eyes.  That 
way you cant be tempted.

GINNY

Theres something else.  Another 
secret of sorts.  One of mine...

GINNY

That can stay hidden up here too, 
if you like.

RON

So.  Did you and Ginny do it?

HARRY

What?

RON

You know.  Hide the book.

HARRY

Oh.  Yeah.

RON

Still no luck with Slughorn, I 
take it?

HARRY

Say that again.

HERMIONE

Well?  How do you feel?

HARRY

Excellent.  Really excellent.

HERMIONE

Now remember.  Slughorn usually 
eats early, takes a short walk and 
then returns to his office.

HARRY

Right.  Im going down to 
Hagrids.

HERMIONE

What?  No, Harry -- youve got to 
go see Slughorn.  We have a plan --

HARRY

No.  Ive got a good feeling about 
going to Hagrids.  I feel like 
its the place to be tonight, know 
what I mean?

HERMIONE

No.

RON

No.

HARRY

Trust me.  I know what Im doing.  
Or at least Felix does.

SLUGHORN

Merlins beard, Harry!

HARRY

Sorry, sir.  I shouldve announced 
myself.  Cleared my throat.  
Coughed.  You probably feared I 
was Madam Sprout.

SLUGHORN

Well, yes, actually --
Why would you think that?

HARRY

Just the general behavior, sir.  
The sneaking around.  The jumping 
when you saw me.  By the way, 
those Tentacula leaves -- theyre 
quite valuable, arent they?

SLUGHORN

Ten galleons a leaf to the right 
buyer -- not that Im familiar 
with such back alley transactions.  
One hears rumors is all.  My own 
interests are purely academic, of 
course.

HARRY

Personally, these plants have 
always kind of freaked me out.

SLUGHORN

Exactly how did you get out of the 
castle, Harry?

HARRY

Through the front doors, sir.  Im 
off to Hagrids, you see.  Hes a 
very dear friend and I felt like 
paying him a visit.  So if you 
dont mind, Ill be going.

SLUGHORN

Harry!

HARRY

Sir?

SLUGHORN

Its nearly nightfall.  Surely you 
realize I cant allow you to roam 
the grounds all by yourself.

HARRY

Well, then by all means come 
along, sir.

SLUGHORN

Harry, I must insist you accompany 
me back to the castle immediately!

HARRY

That would be counterproductive, 
sir.

SLUGHORN

And what makes you say that?

HARRY

No idea.

SLUGHORN

Merlins beard...

SLUGHORN

Is that an actual Acromantula?

HARRY

A dead one, I think, sir.

HAGRID

Arry.  Orace.

SLUGHORN

My god, dear man.  How did you 
ever manage to kill it?

HAGRID

Kill im! Me oldest friend, e 
was!

SLUGHORN

Im sorry, I... didnt realize.

HAGRID

Ah, don worry yerself.  Yer not 
alone.  Seriously misunderstood 
creatures -- spiders.  Its the 
eyes, I reckon.  Unnerve people.

HARRY

Not to mention the pincers.

HAGRID

I reckon that too... Howd yeh get 
outta the castle anyways?

HARRY

Through the front doors.

SLUGHORN

Hagrid.  I wouldnt want to be 
indelicate, but Acromantula venom 
is uncommonly rare and, well, if 
you wouldnt mind my extracting a  
vial or two -- purely for academic 
pursuits...

HAGRID

Don suppose its doin im any 
good, izzit?

SLUGHORN

My thoughts exactly!  Always carry 
a few spare ampoules for just such 
occasions.  Old Potion Masters 
habit, you know...

HAGRID

Wish yeh coulda seen im in is 
prime.  Magnificent e was.  Jus 
magnificent...

SLUGHORN

Why dont I say a few words?  I 
trust he had family?

HARRY

Oh yeah.

SLUGHORN

Farewell...

HAGRID

Aragog.

SLUGHORN

Farewell, Aragog, king of 
arachnids.  Though your body will 
decay, your spirit lingers on in 
the quiet, web-spun places of your 
Forest home.  May your many-eyed 
descendents ever flourish and your 
human friends find solace for the 
loss they have sustained.

HAGRID

Tha was... tha was... beautiful.

HAGRID 

And Odo the hero, they bore him 
back home...

SLUGHORN

And Odo the hero, they bore him 
back home...

HAGRID

To the place hed known as a lad, 
They laid him to rest with his hat 
inside out and his wand snapped in 
two, which was sad...

HAGRID

I had im from an egg, yeh know.  
Tiny little thing he was when he 
hatched.  No biggern a Pekinese.

SLUGHORN

Sweet.  I once had a fish.  
Francis.  Lovely little thing.  
One day I came downstairs and hed 
vanished.  Poof.

HAGRID

Thas odd.

SLUGHORN

Isnt it?  Thats life, I suppose.  
One goes along and then... poof.

SLUGHORN

Thats never unicorn hair, Hagrid?

SLUGHORN

Hagrid looks up, reels a bit.  Nods.

SLUGHORN

But my dear chap, do you know how 
much thats worth?

HAGRID

No idea... no idea at all...

SLUGHORN

It was a student who gave me 
Francis.  One spring afternoon I 
discovered a bowl upon my desk 
with a few inches of clear water.  
There was a flower petal floating 
upon the surface.  As I watched, 
the petal sank, but just before it 
touched bottom... it transformed.  
Into a wee fish.  It was beautiful 
magic, wondrous to behold.  The 
petal had come from a lily.

SLUGHORN

Your mother.  The day I came 
downstairs, the day I found the 
bowl empty... was the day she...

SLUGHORN

I know what you want.  But I cant 
give it to you.  It will ruin 
me...

HARRY

Do you know why I survived?  The 
night I got this.

HARRY

Because of her.  Because she 
sacrificed herself.  Because she 
refused to step aside.  Because 
her love was more powerful than 
Voldemort.

SLUGHORN

Please dont say his --

HARRY

Im not afraid of the name, 
Professor.  And Im not afraid of 
him.  And you shouldnt be either.  
She didnt just die for me that 
night.  She died for you too.  She 
died for everyone whos ever woken 
in the middle of the night afraid 
a Death Eater waited on their 
doorstep.

HARRY

Professor.  Im going to tell you 
something, something others have 
only guessed at.  Its true.  I am 
the Chosen One.

HARRY

Only I can kill him.  But in order 
to do so, I need to know what Tom 
Riddle asked you that night in 
your office all those years ago.  
And I need to know what you told 
him.

HARRY

Be brave, Professor.  Be brave 
like my mother.  Otherwise you 
disgrace her.  Otherwise she died 
for nothing.  Otherwise, the bowl 
remains empty forever.

SLUGHORN

Dont think too badly of me once 
youve seen it.  You dont know 
what he was like... even then.

DUMBLEDORE

How is he?  Horace?

TOM RIDDLE

Sir, is it true that Professor 
Merrythought is retiring?

SLUGHORN

Now, Tom, I couldnt tell you if I 
knew, could I?  I must say, mboy, 
Id like to know where you get 
your information.  More 
knowledgable than half the staff, 
you are.
By the way, thank you for the 
pineapple -- youre quite right, 
it is my favorite -- how is it you 
knew?

TOM RIDDLE

Intuition.

SLUGHORN

Good gracious, is it that time 
already?  Off you go, boys, or 
Professor Dippett will have us all 
in detention.  Lestrange, Avery, 
dont forget your essays...

SLUGHORN

Look sharp, Tom.  You dont want 
to be caught out of bed after 
hours...

TOM RIDDLE

I know a secret shortcut or two.

SLUGHORN

Yes, I imagine you do.  Something 
on your mind, Tom?

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, sir.  I couldnt think of 
anyone else to go to.  The other 
Professors, well, theyre not like 
you.  They might... misunderstand.

SLUGHORN

Go on.

TOM RIDDLE

I was in the library the other 
night, in the Restricted section, 
and I read something rather odd, 
about a bit of rare magic and I 
thought perhaps you could 
illuminate me.  Its called, as I 
understand it... a Horcrux.

SLUGHORN

Excuse me?

TOM RIDDLE

Horcrux.  I came across the term 
while reading and I didnt fully 
understand it.

SLUGHORN

Im not sure what you were 
reading, Tom, but thats very Dark 
stuff, very Dark indeed.

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, sir.  Which is why I came to 
you.  I mean no disrespect to the 
rest of the staff, but I thought 
if anyone could tell me... it 
would be you.

SLUGHORN

A Horcrux is an object in which a 
person has concealed part of their 
soul.

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, I thought it might be 
something like that.  But I dont 
understand how that works, sir.

SLUGHORN

One splits ones soul and hides 
part of it in an object.  By doing 
so, you are protected should you 
be attacked and your body 
destroyed.

TOM RIDDLE

Protected?

SLUGHORN

That part of your soul that was 
hidden, lives on.  In other words, 
you cannot die.

TOM RIDDLE

How does one split his soul, sir?

SLUGHORN

I think you can guess the answer 
to that, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

Murder.

SLUGHORN

Yes.  Killing rips the soul apart.  
It is a violation against nature.  
After, one is never the same.

TOM RIDDLE

Out of curiosity, sir -- can you 
only split your soul once?  For 
instance, isnt seven the most 
powerfully magical number --

SLUGHORN

Seven!  Merlins beard, Tom!  
Isnt it bad enough to think of 
killing one person?  To rip the 
soul into seven pieces...

SLUGHORN
This is all hypothetical, isnt 
it, Tom?  All academic...

TOM RIDDLE

Of course, sir.  And I promise 
Ill not speak of our 
conversation.  Itll be our little 
secret...

HARRY

Sir --

DUMBLEDORE

This is beyond anything I 
imagined.  In my life I have seen 
things that are unimaginably 
horrific.  I know now... you will 
see worse.

HARRY

Do you mean to say he succeeded, 
sir?  In making a Horcrux?

DUMBLEDORE

Oh he succeeded.  And not just 
once.  Think, Harry.  Hes just 
told us.

HARRY

Seven.  He made seven -- the most 
powerfully magical number.  But... 
what are they exactly?

DUMBLEDORE

They can be anything.  The most 
commonplace of objects.  A ring, 
for example.  Or a book...

HARRY

Tom Riddles diary --

DUMBLEDORE

Its a Horcrux, yes.  Four years 
ago, when you saved Ginny 
Weasleys life in the Chamber of 
Secrets, when you brought me   
this I knew.  This was a different kind 
of magic.  Very dark.  Very 
powerful.  But until tonight, I 
had no idea just how powerful...

HARRY

And the ring...?

DUMBLEDORE

Belonged to Voldemorts mother.  
It was difficult to find and...

HARRY

... even more difficult to 
destroy.
But if you could find them all.  
If you did destroy each Horcrux...

DUMBLEDORE

One destroys Voldemort.

HARRY

But how would you find them?  They 
could be hidden anywhere, couldnt 
they...

DUMBLEDORE

True.  But magic, especially Dark 
magic...

DUMBLEDORE

... leaves traces.

HARRY

Its where youve been going, 
isnt it, sir?  When you leave the 
school.

DUMBLEDORE

Yes.  And I think... perhaps... I 
may have found another.  But this 
time I cannot hope to destroy it 
alone.

DUMBLEDORE

Once again, I shall ask too much 
of you.

HERMIONE

Harry.  Its time.

HARRY

Hermione, is the Room of 
Requirement unplottable?

HERMIONE

If one wants it to be.  Why?

HARRY

It would explain why I thought 
Malfoy was leaving the castle when 
he disappeared off the Map.

HARRY

He was going to the Room of 
Requirement.

HERMIONE

Of course, and that explains the 
Vanishing Cabinet as well!

RON

No.  I got an owl from Dad this 
morning.  The one at Borgin & 
Burkes?  Its still there.

HARRY

But Im telling you.  I saw it -- 

HARRY

What if there are two?  Vanishing 
cabinets.

HERMIONE

What if there are?

HARRY

I dont know...

RON

Good luck, mate.

HARRY

I dont need luck.  Ill be with 
Dumbledore.

SNAPE

Have you ever considered that you 
ask too much?  That you take too 
much for granted?  Has it ever 
crossed your brilliant mind that I 
dont want to do this anymore?

DUMBLEDORE

Whether it has or hasnt is 
irrelevant.  I will not negotiate 
this with you, Severus.  You 
agreed.  Theres nothing more to 
discuss.

DUMBLEDORE

Harry.  You need a shave, my 
friend.

DUMBLEDORE

At times I forget how much youve 
grown.  At times I still see the 
small boy from the cupboard.
Forgive my mawkishness, Harry.  I 
am an old man.

HARRY

You look the same to me, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Like your mother, you are 
unfailingly kind.  

DUMBLEDORE

A trait people never fail to 
undervalue.  Im afraid.

DUMBLEDORE

The place to which we journey 
tonight is exceedingly dangerous, 
Harry.  I promised that you could 
accompany me and I stand by that 
promise.  But there is a 
condition:  You must obey any 
command I give you -- without 
question.

HARRY

Yes, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Understand what Im saying.  
Should I tell you to hide, you 
must hide.  

DUMBLEDORE

Should I tell you to run, you will 
run.  

DUMBLEDORE

And should I tell you to abandon 
me and save yourself...

DUMBLEDORE

You will do so.

DUMBLEDORE

Your word, Harry.

HARRY

My word.

DUMBLEDORE

Take my arm.

HARRY

Sir, I thought one couldnt 
Apparate within Hogwarts.

DUMBLEDORE

Being me has its privileges.

HARRY

Its there, isnt it?

DUMBLEDORE

This is the place.  Oh yes, this 
place has known magic.
Where you stand, Harry, Tom Riddle 
once stood many, many years ago, 
when he was but a poor orphan boy 
with a penchant for cruelty...

DUMBLEDORE

One wintry afternoon, he lured two 
younger classmates to this cave.  
What happened is unclear.  But 
this much is known:  the children 
were damaged.

HARRY

Sir!

DUMBLEDORE

In order to gain passage, payment 
must be made, payment intended to 
weaken any intruder.

HARRY

You shouldve let me, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Oh, no, Harry.  Your blood is much 
more precious than mine.

DUMBLEDORE

Careful.  The water.

DUMBLEDORE

Its there.  The only question is 
how do we get to it?

HARRY

We couldnt, perhaps, just try a 
Summoning Charm, sir?

HARRY

Accio Horcrux!

DUMBLEDORE

Perhaps not.

DUMBLEDORE

If you would, Harry...

HARRY

Sir... have you ever taken Felix 
Felicis?

DUMBLEDORE

Only recreationally.  You see, I 
believe one creates ones own 
luck.

HARRY

Professor... there are bodies in 
this lake.

DUMBLEDORE

Yes.

DUMBLEDORE

Remember... the water.

HARRY

Do you think the Horcrux is in 
there, sir?

DUMBLEDORE

Oh yes.

DUMBLEDORE

It has to be drunk.

DUMBLEDORE

You remember the condition on 
which I brought you with me?
This potion might paralyze me.  It 
might cause me to forget why Im 
here.  It might create so much 
pain I beg for relief.  You are 
not to indulge these requests, 
Harry.  It is your job to make 
sure I keep drinking this potion 
even if you have to force it down 
my throat.  Understood?

HARRY

Why cant I drink it, sir?

DUMBLEDORE

Because I am much older, much 
cleverer... and much less 
valuable.
Your good health, Harry.

HARRY

Professor?

HARRY

Professor?  Can you hear me?

DUMBLEDORE

Dont... dont make me...

HARRY

You... you cant stop, Professor.  
Youve got to keep drinking.  Like 
you said.  Remember.

DUMBLEDORE

Nooooooo!!!

DUMBLEDORE

Make it stop... Please... make it 
stop...

HARRY

It will, sir.  Itll stop.  But 
only if you drink...

DUMBLEDORE

My fault.  Its all my fault...

DUMBLEDORE

Too much... I cant... take it... 
I want... to die... kill... kill 
me... KILL ME, HARRY!

HARRY

What?

DUMBLEDORE

Your word, Harry!  Your word!

HARRY

No...

DUMBLEDORE

Kill me!  Its the only way!

HARRY

One more.  Just one more.  And 
then -- I promise... Ill do what 
you say.

HARRY

I promise.

DUMBLEDORE

Water.
Water...

DUMBLEDORE

Aguamenti.

HARRY

You did it, sir.  Look --

DUMBLEDORE

Water!

HARRY

Im trying, sir.  Im --

DUMBLEDORE

Go...

DUMBLEDORE

We have to... go.

HARRY

Dont worry, sir.  Were nearly 
there.

DUMBLEDORE

I am not worried, Harry.  I am 
with you.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

To your Houses.  No dawdling.

HARRY

We need to get you up to the 
hospital, sir, to Madam Pomfrey --

DUMBLEDORE

No.  Severus... Severus is who I 
need... Go and wake him... Tell 
him what has happened... 

DUMBLEDORE

Speak to no one else... I... I 
shall wait here...

HARRY

All right.  Okay.

HARRY

Sir, are you... praying?

DUMBLEDORE

No, Harry.  I do not pray.  I was 
merely closing a window -- the one 
that had allowed us to Apparate.

DUMBLEDORE

Hide yourself below.  And do not 
speak or show yourself without my 
permission.  No matter what.

DUMBLEDORE

Do as I say, Harry.

DUMBLEDORE

Trust me.

DUMBLEDORE

Good evening, Draco.  What brings 
you out on such a fine Spring 
evening?  Or is it Summer?

MALFOY

Who else is here?  I heard you 
talking.

DUMBLEDORE

I often talk aloud to myself.  I 
find it extraordinarily useful.  
That which sounds sane at a 
whisper can seem utterly mad when 
said for all the world to hear.  
Havent been whispering to 
yourself, have you, Draco?

DUMBLEDORE

You are not an assassin, Draco.

MALFOY

How do you know what I am?  Ive 
done things that would shock you.

DUMBLEDORE

Like cursing Katie Bell and hoping 
she would, in turn, bear a cursed 
necklace to me?  Like replacing a 
bottle of mead with one laced with 
poison.  Forgive me, Draco, but 
these are attempts so feeble I 
cannot help but question if your 
heart has been really in them.  
Im curious.  When Voldemort gave 
you this task, when he asked you 
to kill me, was it in a whisper?

MALFOY

He trusts me!  I was chosen!

DUMBLEDORE

Then I shall make it easy for you.

MALFOY

Expelliarumus!

DUMBLEDORE

Well done, Draco.  But I warn you.  
Killing is not nearly as easy.

DUMBLEDORE

Youre not alone.  Are you.  There 
are others.  How?

MALFOY

The Vanishing Cabinet in the Room 
of Requirement.

DUMBLEDORE

That cabinet has been broken for 
years.

MALFOY

Ive been mending it.

DUMBLEDORE

Ingenious.  Let me guess.  It has 
a sister.  A twin.

MALFOY

In Borgin & Burkes.  They form --

DUMBLEDORE

A passage, yes.  Very good.
I once knew a boy years ago who 
made all the wrong choices.  Let 
me help you, Draco.

MALFOY

I dont want your help!  Dont you 
see!  I have to do it!  I have to!
Ive got to kill you or hell kill 
me.

DUMBLEDORE

Say that again, Draco.  But aloud 
this time.

BELLATRIX

Well now, look what we have here.  
Dumbledore.  Wandless and alone.  

BELLATRIX

Cornered in his own castle.  Well 
done, Draco.

DUMBLEDORE

Good evening, Bellatrix.  I think 
introductions are in order.

BELLATRIX

Love to, Albus.  But Im afraid 
were on a bit of a tight 
schedule.

GREYBACK

Do it.

BELLATRIX

He doesnt have the stomach.  Like 
his father.  Let me finish him.  
In my own way.

SNAPE

No!  The Dark Lord was clear.  The 
boys to do it.  Go on, Draco.  
Now!

SNAPE

No.

DUMBLEDORE

Severus...

BELLATRIX

Well, look whos here.  Hogwarts 
own Defense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher.  Come to see the 
slaughter?

DUMBLEDORE

Severus... please.

SNAPE

I gave my word.  I made a vow...

SNAPE

Avada Kedavra!

SNAPE

You can no longer stay here.

BELLATRIX

Boo.

BELLATRIX

Draco!  Draco!
Theyll kill you if you stay.

SNAPE

Go on!

SNAPE

Go on!

HARRY

Cruciatus!

HARRY

Incacerata!

HARRY

Impedimenta!

HARRY

Fight!  Fight back, you coward!

SNAPE

Dont ever associate that word and 
my name again.

SNAPE

No!  He belongs to the Dark Lord!

HARRY

Sectumsempra!

SNAPE

You dare use my own spells against 
me, Potter?

SNAPE

You may have gotten your mothers 
eyes, but youre as dim as your 
father.  Yes.  Its me.  Im the 
Half-Blood Prince.

HARRY

Hagrid... HAGRID!

HARRY

Hagrid!  You alright?

HAGRID

Take moren tha ter finish me 
off.  Not sure about me ouse, 
tho.  But if anybody can put it 
righ, Dumbledore can.

HARRY

Hagrid, Dumbledore --

HAGRID

Only thing I cant reckon is wha 
Snape was doin with tha lot.

HAGRID

An whas this wi the Dark Mar?  
Whos been killed?
Wheres Dumbledore, arry?  
Wheres Dumbledore!!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Potter.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Potter, in light of whats 
happened... should you feel the 
need to talk to someone...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

You should know... Professor 
Dumbledore...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

You meant a great deal to him.

HERMIONE

Dumbledore.

HARRY

Do you think he wouldve done it.  
Draco?

HARRY

No.  He was lowering his wand.  In 
the end, it was Snape.  It was 
always Snape.  And I did 
nothing...

HERMIONE

Strange.  Thinking this is a piece 
of Voldemorts soul...

HARRY

Yeah, strange.  Only... its not.  
Its a fake.

HARRY

Go on.  Open it.

HERMIONE

To the Dark Lord.  I know I will 
be dead long before you read this 
but I want you to know that it was 
I who discovered your secret.  I 
have stolen the real Horcrux and 
intend to destroy it as soon as I 
can.  I face death in the hope 
that when you meet your match, you 
will be mortal once more.  R.A.B.
R.A.B.?

HARRY

Dunno.  But whoever they are, they 
have the real Horcrux.  Which 
means, it was a waste.  All of it.

HERMIONE

Rons okay with it, you know.  You 
and Ginny.  But if I were you, 
when hes around, Id keep the 
snogging to a minimum.

HARRY

Im not coming back, Hermione.

HERMIONE

We reckoned -- Ron and me.  

HARRY

I have to finish what Dumbledore 
started. Im not sure where that 
will lead me... but Ill let you 
and Ron konw where I am -- when I 
can.  (ALT:  I have to finish what 
Dumbledore started.  And... I have 
to do it alone.)

HERMIONE

Ive always admired your courage, 
Harry, but sometimes... youre 
really thick.

HERMIONE

You dont honestly think you can 
find all those Horcruxes by 
yourself, do you?
You need us, Harry.

HARRY

Yeah.  I do.  But do me a favor.  
When Im around?  Keep the 
snogging to a minimum.

HERMIONE

Like thats going to happen.

HERMIONE

Besides, hes barking.

HARRY

Funny, he says the same about you.

HERMIONE

Yes, but Im exceptionally 
perceptive.

HARRY

Youre brilliant.  You both are.

HERMIONE

Do you think well ever... come 
back?

HARRY

I dont know.
SCRIMGEOUR

These are dark times, there is no 
denying.  Our world has perhaps 
faced no greater threat than it 
does today.  But I say this to our 
citizenry:  we, ever your 
servants, continue to defend your 
liberty and repel the forces that 
would seek to take it from you.  
Your Ministry remains strong...

MRS. GRANGER

Hermione.  Your tea is ready, 
dear.

HERMIONE

Coming, Mum.

MRS. GRANGER

Dont you look lovely.  All 
packed?

MR. GRANGER

Are you sure these biscuits are 
sugar-free?

MRS. GRANGER

Quite sure, dear.  See the big 
bold letters that say Sugar 
Free?  Dead giveaway.

MR. GRANGER

Mm.  Yes.
Hello, kitten.  Dont you look 
lovely.

TELEVISION 

... the bandicoot has small 
pointed ears and a long snout from 
which it emits a distinctive 
trumpet sound when agitated...

MRS. GRANGER

Darling, dont be suspicious the 
biscuits taste so good, be 
grateful the companys so 
clever...

HERMIONE

Obliviate.

HERMIONE

Goodbye.

RON

What are those?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Close the door.

RADIO 

... comes to us this evening from 
the north of England, where a 
wizard family by the name of 
Westinburgh were found dead in 
their cellar.  While not a member 
of the Order, Mr. Westinburgh and 
his wife had, on numerous 
occasions, provided shelter for 
its members...

ARTHUR WEASLEY

These are for the Order.  So many 
are on the run now, it helps them 
to stay connected with the rest of 
us.  Know theyre not alone...

RON

Cmon.  Mums got dinner ready.

VOLDEMORT

Severus.  I was beginning to worry 
youd lost your way.  Come.  Ive 
saved you a seat.

VOLDEMORT

You know our hosts, of course, 
Severus.  Narcissa in particular 
has been most hospitable.  Lucius, 
on the other hand, is, I fear, 
burdened by my presence.  Are you, 
Lucius?

LUCIUS

My lord?

VOLDEMORT

Are you burdened?

NARCISSA MALFOY

My lord is always welcome here.

VOLDEMORT

You bring news I trust, Severus?

SNAPE

It will happen Saturday next.  At 
nightfall.

VOLDEMORT

And this information comes --

SNAPE

-- from the source we discussed.

YAXLEY

I have heard differently, my lord.  
Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that 
the Potter boy will not be moved 
until the thirtieth of this month, 
the night before he turns 
seventeen.

SNAPE

This is a false trail.  The Auror 
Office no longer plays any part in 
the protection of Harry Potter.  
Those closest to him believe we 
have infiltrated the Ministry.

SQUAT MAN

Well, theyve got that right, 
then, avent they?

VOLDEMORT

Pius, what say you?

THICKNESSE

One hears many things, my lord.  
Whether the truth is among them is 
not clear.

VOLDEMORT

Spoken like a true politician.  
You will, I think, prove most 
useful, Pius.  Where will he be 
taken?  The boy?

SNAPE

To a safehouse.  Likely the home 
of someone in the Order.  Im told 
it has been given every manner of 
protection possible. Once there, 
it will be impractical to attack 
him.  We may have compromised the 
Ministry, but there are those who 
remain loyal to him.  As long as 
the Ministry stands, his allies 
within will have the means at 
their disposal to insure his 
safety.

BELLATRIX

My lord, if I might, Id like to 
volunteer myself for this task.  
Id like to kill the boy.

VOLDEMORT

Wormtail!  Have I not spoken to 
you about keeping our guest quiet?

WORMTAIL

Yes, m-my lord.  Right away, my 
lord.

VOLDEMORT

As inspiring as I find your 
bloodlust, Bellatrix, I must be 
the one to kill Harry Potter.  But 
I face an unfortunate 
complication.  It has recently 
come to my attention that my wand 
and Potters share the same core.  
They are, in some ways, twins.  We 
can wound but not fatally harm one 
another.  Which means, if I am to 
kill him... I will have to do it 
with anothers wand.

VOLDEMORT

Come now.  Surely one of you would 
like the honor?  What about... 
you, Lucius?

VOLDEMORT

I require your wand.

VOLDEMORT

Do I detect elm?

LUCIUS

Yes, my lord.

VOLDEMORT

And the core?

LUCIUS

Dragon -- dragon heartstring.

VOLDEMORT

My wand?  You cant possibly think 
I would give you my wand.

LUCIUS

No, my lord.

VOLDEMORT

For those of you who do not know, 
we are joined tonight by Miss 
Charity Burbage who until recently 
taught at Hogwarts School of 
Witchcraft and Wizardry.  Her 
specialty was Muggle studies. It 
is Miss Burbages belief that 
Muggles are not so different from 
us.  

VOLDEMORT

She would, given her way, have us 
mate with them.  To her, the 
mixture of magical and Muggle 
blood is not an abomination but 
something to be encouraged.  I, of 
course, take a contrary view.  But 
were all civilized here.  All 
adults.  We can agree to disagree.

CHARITY

Severus, please.  Were friends...

VOLDEMORT

Avada Kedavra!

VOLDEMORT

Nagini... Dinner.

UNCLE VERNON

Come now, Dudley.  Hurry up!

HARRY

Time for the teary farewell.

AUNT PETUNIA

Ive lived in this house twenty 
years.  And now -- in a single 
night -- Im expected to leave.

HARRY

Theyll torture you.  Even Dudley.  
If they think you know where Im 
going, theyll stop at noth--

AUNT PETUNIA

You think I dont know that?  You 
think I dont know what theyre 
capable of?

AUNT PETUNIA

You didnt just lose a mother that 
night in Godrics Hollow, you 
know.  I lost a sister.

HARRY

Do you have any?  Magic?

AUNT PETUNIA

What a cruel thing to ask.

UNCLE VERNON

Well, this is goodbye then, boy.

DUDLEY

I dont understand.  Isnt he 
coming with us?

UNCLE VERNON

Who?

DUDLEY

Harry.

UNCLE VERNON

Absolutely not.

DUDLEY

Why?

UNCLE VERNON

Well, because -- he doesnt want 
to, do you, boy?

HARRY

Absolutely not.  Besides, Im just 
a waste of space.  Isnt that 
right, Vernon?

UNCLE VERNON

Come on, Dudley, were off.

DUDLEY

I dont think youre a waste of 
space.

HARRY

Well... thanks.

HARRY

See you, Big D.

HARRY

Good riddance.

HAGRID

All righ, arry?  Yeh look fit.

MAD-EYE

Yeah, hes ruddy gorgeous.  What 
say we get undercover before 
someone murders him.

HARRY

I thought you were looking after 
the Prime Minister, Kingsley.

SHACKLEBOLT

Youre more important.

BILL

Hello, Harry.  Bill Weasley.

FRED

Wasnt always this handsome.

GEORGE

Dead ugly.

BILL

True enough.  Owe it all to a 
werewolf by name of Greyback.  
Hope to repay the favor one day.

FLEUR

You are still beautiful to me, 
William.

LUPIN

Just remember, Fleur, once youre 
married:  Bill takes his steaks on 
the raw side now.

TONKS

My husband, the joker.  By the 
way, wait until you hear the news!  
Remus and I are --

MAD-EYE

All right, all right!  Youll all 
have time for a cozy catch-up 
later!  Weve got to get the hell 
out of here and soon!

MAD-EYE

Potter, youre underage, which 
means youve still got the Trace 
on you.

HARRY

The Trace?

MAD-EYE

You sneeze and the Ministry will 
know who wipes your nose.  Point 
is, we have to use those means of 
transport the Trace cant detect:  
brooms, thestrals and the like.  
Well go in pairs.  That way if 
anyones out there waiting for us  
-- and I reckon there will be -- 
they wont know which Harry Potter 
is the real one.

HARRY

The real one...?

MAD-EYE

I believe youre familiar with 
this particular brew.

HARRY

No!  Absolutely not!

HERMIONE

I told you hed take it well.

HARRY

If you think Im going to let 
people risk their lives for me --

RON

Never done that before, have we?

HARRY

This is different.  Taking that.  
Becoming me -- no.

FRED

Well, none of us really fancy it, 
mate.

GEORGE

Yeah, imagine if something went 
wrong and we were stuck as 
scrawny, specky gits forever.

MAD-EYE

Everyone heres of age, Potter, 
and theyve all agreed to take the 
risk.

MUNDUNGUS

Technically, Ive been coerced.
Mundungus Fletcher, Mr. Potter.  
Ive always been a huge admirer.

MAD-EYE

Nip it, Mundungus!  All right, 
Granger, as discussed.

HARRY

Blimey, Hermione!

MAD-EYE

Straight in here, if you please.

MAD-EYE

For those of you who havent taken 
Polyjuice Potion before, fair 
warning.  It tastes like goblin 
piss.

FRED

Have a lot of experience with 
that, do you, Mad-Eye?

FRED

Just trying to defuse the tension.

FRED

Wow -- were identical!

GEORGE

Wow -- were identical!

MAD-EYE

Not yet you arent.

GEORGE

Dont have something a bit more 
sporty, do you?

FRED

Yes, dont fancy this color at 
all.

MAD-EYE

Fancy this:  Youre not you, so 
shut it and strip.
Youll need to change too, Potter.

FLEUR

Bill, look away -- Im ideous.

RON

I knew Ginny was lying about that 
tattoo.

HERMIONE

Harry, your eyesight really is 
awful.

MAD-EYE

Blimey.  I almost forgot.

MAD-EYE

Right then.  Well be pairing off.  
Each Potter will have a protector.  
As for you, Harry...

ALL

Yes?

MAD-EYE

The real Harry!  Where the devil 
are you, anyway?

HARRY

Here.

MAD-EYE

Youll ride with Hagrid.

HAGRID

Brought yeh here sixteen years ago
when you were barely bigger than a 
Bowtruckle. Seems only righ I 
should be the one ter take yeh 
away.

MAD-EYE

Yeah, its all very touching.  
Lets go.

MAD-EYE

Good luck, everyone.  On the count 
of three.  One... two --

HARRY

Hagrid!  Weve got to help the 
others!

HAGRID

Cant do it, arry.  My jobs ter 
get you where were goin safe n 
sound -- Mad-Eyes orders!

HARRY

What was that?

HAGRID

Dragon fire!

DEATH EATER

Thats him!  The real one!

HAGRID

Hol tight, arry!  Weve got ter 
get yeh out of here!

HARRY

Hagrid... HAGRID...!

VOLDEMORT

Avada...

MRS. WEASLEY

Harry!  Hagrid!  What happened?!  
Have you seen the others?

HARRY

Is no one back yet?

HAGRID

They were on us from the star, 
Molly -- the Death Eaters.  And 
You-Know-Who as well.

MRS. WEASLEY

Well, thank goodness you two are 
all right.

HAGRID

Havent go any brandy, have yeh, 
Molly?  Fer medicinal purposes?

GINNY

Ron and Tonks shouldve already 
been back.  Dad and Fred as well.

GINNY

Oh my God!  George!

LUPIN

The house!  Quickly!

MRS. WEASLEY

My boy!  My darling boy!  Whatve 
they done to you?!

GINNY

Remus!  Whatre you doing!

LUPIN

What creature sat in the corner 
the first time that Harry Potter 
visited my office at Hogwarts!

HARRY

Are you mad...?

LUPIN

What Creature!

HARRY

A grindylow!

LUPIN

Weve been betrayed.  Voldemort 
knew you were being moved tonight.  
I had to make sure you werent an 
imposter.

HARRY

Who did this to him?

LUPIN

Snape.
Hell be fine, Molly.  But thats 
Dark Magic.  The damage is done.

HAGRID

Someone else is back.

SHACKLEBOLT

The last words Albus Dumbledore 
spoke to the pair of us?

LUPIN

Harry is the best hope we have.  
Trust him.

SHACKLEBOLT

What gave you away?

HARRY

Hedwig -- I think.  She was trying 
to protect me -- 

RON

Hey ya -- Well... thanks.

TONKS

Deserves that.  Brilliant, he was.  
Wouldnt be standing here without 
him.

HERMIONE

Really?

RON

Always the tone of surprise.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Are we the last?  Wheres George?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Remus.  Wheres my son?

FRED

How do you feel, Georgie?

GEORGE

Saint-like.

FRED

Come again?

GEORGE

Saint-like... You see, Im holy.  
Holey, Fred, geddit?

FRED

With the whole wide world of ear-
related humor at your disposal, 
you go for holey?  Pathetic.

GEORGE

Reckon Im still better-looking 
than you.  Better-looking than 
Bill, thats for sure.

BILL

Mad-Eyes dead.

BILL

Mundungus took one look at 
Voldemort and Disapparated.

LUPIN

Mad-Eye reckoned You-Know-Who 
would expect the real Harry to be 
with the most skilled Auror.  He 
knew hed be in the most danger.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

It doesnt explain how they knew 
we were moving Harry tonight.

HAGRID

Wha?  One of us?  Thas mad.  Id 
wager me life it wasn none of you 
lot.  An if it was me Id kno, 
wouldn I?  Talk in me sleep on 
occasion, Ill admit, but theres 
only Fang aroun ter hear an 
mostly its gibberish an besides 
Id cut me tongue out fore d 
betray arry een in me dreams -- 

HAGRID

Whas so funny!

HARRY

I trust you with my life, Hagrid.  
I trust everyone in this room.  
Understood?

Understood.

HAGRID

Ear, ear.

LUPIN

Better.

VOLDEMORT 

You lied to me, Ollivander!

OLLIVANDER

No!  No!  I believed a different 
wand would work, I swear!

VOLDEMONT

Then explain this!

OLLIVANDER

But it makes no sense...

VOLDEMORT

Perhaps our friends loyalties lie 
elsewhere, Wormtail.

OLLIVANDER

No!  There must be a way!  Ill 
think of something else!

VOLDEMONT

I hope so, Ollivander, for your 
sake.  I wont be so forgiving 
next time...

RON

Going somewhere?

HARRY

No one else is going to die.  Not 
for me.

RON

For you?  You think Madeye died 
for you?  You think George took 
that curse for you?  You may be 
the Chosen One, mate, but this is 
a whole lot bigger than that.

HARRY

Come with me.  Now.

RON

And leave Hermione?  Are you mad? 
We wouldnt last two days without 
her.

RON

Dont tell her I said that.
Besides, youve still got the 
Trace on you.  And theres the 
wedding...

HARRY

Wedding?

RON

Bill and Fleur.  Mums been 
planning it for months.  Only 
thing thats kept her sane, I 
reckon.  Shell kill me if I miss 
it.  Kill you too.  Rather go face 
to face with You-Know-Who if Im 
honest.

HARRY

I dont care about a bloody 
wedding -- no matter whose it is.  
I have to start searching for the 
Horcruxes.  Its the only chance 
we have to beat him.  And the 
longer we wait the stronger he 
gets.

RON

Tonights not the night, mate.  
Youd only be doing him a favor.

RON

Do you think he knows?

RON

I mean, theyre bits of his soul, 
the Horcruxes.  Bits of him.  When 
Dumbledore destroyed the ring and 
you destroyed Tom Riddles diary 
all those years ago -- he mustve
felt something right?

RON

What Im saying is, if we do this 
thing right, if we find the 
Horcruxes and begin to destroy 
them one by one...

RON

Wont he know hes being hunted?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

All together now!

ARTHUR WEASLEY

One.  Two.  Three!

GINNY

Were you going to tell me?

HARRY

Yes.

GINNY

And Ron and Hermione.  Theyll not 
be going back to Hogwarts either?

GINNY

I see.

HARRY

Dumbledore didnt want anyone to 
know what it is were doing.  If I 
tell you, Id be betraying him.

GINNY

Zip me up, will you.

GINNY

Seems silly, doesnt it?  A 
wedding.  Given everything thats 
going on.

HARRY

Maybe thats the best reason to 
have it.  Because of everything 
thats going on.

GEORGE

Morning.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Hows it look on your end, boys?

FRED

Brilliant!

GEORGE

Bloody hell, whats the Minister 
of Magic doing here?

RON

Dunno.  But something tells me he 
didnt come to give away the 
bride.

HARRY

To what do we owe the pleasure, 
Minister?

SCRIMGEOUR

I think we both know the answer to 
that question, Mr. Potter.

HARRY

And this would be...?

SCRIMGEOUR

Dont be coy, Mr. Potter.  Mr. 
Weasley.  Would you say you were 
close to your former Headmaster?

RON

Dumbledore?  And me?  I dunno. I 
reckon I was just another Weasley 
to him.  He was always polite -- 

SCRIMGEOUR

And you, Miss Granger?  How would 
you characterize your 
relationship?

HERMIONE

We were friendly, not close like 
Harry, but -- 

HARRY

Whats this all about?

SCRIMGEOUR

This.  Despite the fact that 
neither of your friends appear to 
have been particularly close to 
their recently deceased 
Headmaster, he saw fit to remember 
them in his will.  Now why do you 
suppose that would be?

HARRY

No idea.

SCRIMGEOUR

Come now, you dont expect me to 
believe...

SCRIMGEOUR

Herein is set forth the Last Will  
and Testament of Albus Percival 
Wulfric Brian Dumbledore.  First, 
to Ronald Bilius Weasley, I leave 
my Deluminator, a device of my own 
making, in the hope that -- when 
things seem most dark -- it will 
show him the light.

RON

Dumbledore left this?  For me?  
Brilliant.  Er -- what is it?

RON

Wicked.

SCRIMGEOUR

To Miss Hermione Jean Granger, I 
leave my copy of The Tales of 
Beedle the Bard, in the hope that 
she will find it entertaining and 
instructive.

RON

Mum used to read me those!  The 
Wizard and the Hopping Pot, 
Babbitty Rabbity and her Cackling 
Stump...

RON

Oh, cmon!  Beedles stories are 
famous!  Babbity Rabbitty? No...?

SCRIMGEOUR

To Harry James Potter, I leave 
the Snitch he caught in his first 
Quidditch match at Hogwarts, as a 
reminder of the rewards of 
perseverance and skill.

HARRY

Thats it then?

SCRIMGEOUR

Not quite.  Dumbledore left you a 
second bequest:  The Sword of 
Godric Gryffindor.  Unfortunately, 
the Sword of Gryffindor was not 
Dumbledores to give away.  As an 
important historical artifact, it 
belongs...

HERMIONE

To Harry!  It belongs to Harry!  
It chose him!  It came to him in 
the Chamber of Secrets when he 
most needed it!

SCRIMGEOUR

The sword may present itself to 
any worthy Gryffindor, Miss 
Granger.  That does not make it 
that wizards property.  And in 
any event the current whereabouts 
of the sword are unknown.

HARRY

Excuse me?

SCRIMGEOUR

The sword is missing.
I wont pretend to be your friend, 
Mr. Potter.  But I assure you Im 
not your enemy.

HARRY

Youll forgive me, Minister.  But 
its a little hard to tell the 
difference these days.

SCRIMGEOUR

Dumbledore said something very 
similar the last time we spoke.

HERMIONE

Where is your guard, sir?

SCRIMGEOUR

I came alone.  I dont really need 
them anymore...

LUPIN

We want you to be the godfather.

HARRY

You mean -- But thats brilliant -- 
I... dont know what to say.

LUPIN

Say yes.

LUNA

Hello, Harry!

LUNA

Oh, Ive interrupted a deep 
thought, havent I?  I can see it 
growing smaller in your eyes.

HARRY

No, course not.  How are you, 
Luna?

LUNA

Very well.  I was bitten by a 
garden gnome only moments ago.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Gnome saliva is enormously 
beneficial!  Xenophilius Lovegood.  
We live just over the hill!

HARRY

Nice to meet you, sir.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

I trust you know, Mr. Potter, that 
we at The Quibbler, unlike those 
toadies at the Daily Prophet, 
fully supported Dumbledore during 
his lifetime and in his death 
support you just as fully.

LUNA

Come, Daddy.  Harry doesnt want 
to talk to us right now.  Hes 
just too nice to say so.

HARRY

Sir?  May I sit down?

ELPHIAS DOGE

Mr. Potter!  By all means!

HARRY

I found what you wrote in the 
Daily Prophet very moving, sir.  I 
take it you knew Professor 
Dumbledore well?

ELPHIAS DOGE

I certainly knew him the longest, 
if you dont count his brother 
Aberforth -- and somehow, people 
never do seem to count Aberforth.

HARRY

I never even knew he had a 
brother, sir.

ELPHIAS DOGE

Yes, well, Dumbledore was always 
very private.  Even as a boy.

HARRY

Sir, I was wondering if youd had 
much contact with him before he 
died.

ELPHIAS DOGE

The occasional owl.  Though it was 
strange...

HARRY

Strange, sir?

ELPHIAS DOGE

It was the owls themselves.  They 
often arrived in distress.  It was 
clear theyd traveled great 
distances in some cases.

HARRY

Could you tell me from where 
theyd come, sir?

ELPHIAS DOGE

Im afraid not.  Albus messages 
mostly referenced our days 
together as schoolboys.  They were 
surprisingly intimate.  When he 
did speak of his current 
activities his words would turn 
elliptical.  Still, I sensed he 
was under great stress.  Why do 
you ask?

HARRY

Just curious.  I was... close to 
Professor Dumbledore.

ELPHIAS DOGE

Well, he treasured you, Mr. 
Potter, I can attest to that.  I 
can also tell you that when a 
person passes, its only natural 
to rue the things left unsaid, to 
regret the question never asked.  
I knew Albus nigh on 100 years, 
but in many ways he will always 
remain a riddle even to me.

WOMAN

Dont despair, Elphias.  Im told 
hes been thoroughly unriddled by 
Rita Skeeter.  In 800 pages no 
less.

ELPHIAS DOGE

That woman is a vulture, Muriel, 
and you well know it.

MURIEL

Someone has to pick the bones to 
get at the truth.  I read your 
obituary, Elphias.  Lovely.  But 
you did skate over some of the 
sticky patches in Dumbledores 
life.

ELPHIAS DOGE

Im sorry you think so, Muriel.  I 
assure you I was writing from the 
heart.

MURIEL

Yes, well, Rita Skeeter hasnt 
made that mistake, Im sure.  Word 
has it someone talked to her, 
someone who knew the Dumbledore 
family well.  You and I both know 
who that is, Elphias.

ELPHIAS DOGE

A monstrous betrayal.  I can only 
conclude the rumors are true and 
that she has become untethered.

HARRY

Who are you talking about?

MURIEL

Well, I dont suppose itll be a 
secret once the book comes out.
Bathilda Bagshot.

HARRY

Who?

MURIEL

Who? Bathilda Bagshot!  My god, 
boy, shes only the most 
celebrated magical historian of 
the last century.  Dont they read 
History of Magic at Hogwarts 
anymore?

HARRY

Oh, right.  Slipped my mind...

MURIEL

She knew the Dumbledores as well 
as anyone.  Shed have letters, 
perhaps an interesting photograph 
or two.  Im sure Rita Skeeter 
would have thought it well worth a 
trip to Godrics Hollow to take a 
peek into that old birds rattled 
cage.

HARRY

Godrics Hollow?  Bathilda Bagshot 
lives in Godrics Hollow?

MURIEL

For years now.  Thats where she 
first met Dumbledore.

HARRY

Excuse me?  You dont mean to say 
Dumbledore lived there too?

MURIEL

Of course.  The family moved there 
after his father killed those 
three Muggles.  It was quite the 
scandal.
Honestly, my boy, are you sure you 
knew him at all?

PATRONUS

The Ministry has fallen.  The 
Minister of Magic is dead.  They 
are coming...

ELPHIAS DOGE

Nice meeting you, Mr. Potter!

HERMIONE

Ron!  Ron!

LUPIN

Harry!  Go!  Go!

RON

Where are we?

HERMIONE

Shaftesbury Avenue.  I used to 
come here to the theater with my 
mum and dad.  Just popped into my 
head.  I dont know why...

HERMIONE

This way!

HERMIONE

We need to change.

RON

How the ruddy --

HERMIONE

Undetectable Extension Charm.

RON

Youre amazing, you are.

HERMIONE

Always the tone of surprise.

HERMIONE

Thatll be the books.

HARRY

Do you reckon everyones alright 
at the wedding?  Maybe we should --

RON

They were after you, mate.  Wed 
just put everyone in danger going 
back.

HERMIONE

Rons right.  Cappuccino, please.

RON

What she said.

HARRY

Same.

WAITRESS

Wicked scar.

RON

So where do we go from here?  The 
Leaky Cauldron?

HERMIONE

Too dangerous.  If Voldemorts 
taken over the Ministry, none of 
the old places are safe.

HARRY

My rucksack.  With all my things.  
I left it back at the Burrow --

HARRY

Youre joking.

HERMIONE

Ive had the essentials packed for 
days.  Just in case.

RON

By the way -- these jeans?  Not my 
favorite.  Bit tight.

HARRY

Down!

HARRY

Stupefy!

DEATH EATER #2

Expulsio!

HERMIONE

Petrificus Totalus!
Go.

HERMIONE

She doesnt argue.

HARRY

Lock the door, get the lights.

HARRY

This ones name is Rowle.  He was 
on the Astronomy Tower the night 
Snape killed Dumbledore.

RON

This is Dolohov.  I recognize him 
from the wanted posters.

RON

So what do we do with you, huh?  
Kill us if it was turned round, 
wouldnt you?

RON

Suppose its him that did Mad-Eye.  
How would you feel then?

HARRY

Its better we wipe their 
memories.  We kill them, theyll 
know we were here.

RON

Youre the boss.
Hermione?

RON

Youre the best with spells.

HERMIONE

Obliviate.

HARRY

How is it they knew we were there?

HERMIONE

Maybe you still have the Trace on 
you.

RON

Cant be. The Trace breaks at 
seventeen. Its Wizarding law.

RON

What?

HERMIONE

We didnt celebrate your birthday, 
Harry.  Ginny and I -- wed 
prepared a cake.  We were going to 
bring it out at the end of the 
wedding...

HARRY

Hermione.  I appreciate the 
thought -- honestly.  But given 
that we were almost killed by a 
couple of Death Eaters a few 
minutes ago...

HERMIONE

Right.  Perspective.

RON

Weve got to get off the streets, 
get somewhere safe.

HARRY

I have an idea.

MAD-EYE

Severus Snape?

HARRY

Mad-Eye...?

RON

What was that about?

HERMIONE

Mad-eyes doing, Id guess.  In 
case Snape decided to come 
snooping.

HERMIONE

Homenum revelio.

HERMIONE

Its a spell to reveal human 
presence.

HERMIONE

Were alone.

HARRY

Lumos.

LILY

Dear Sirius.  Thank you for 
Harrys birthday present.  Youd 
think hed been born on a broom.  

LILY

James says hes got the look of a 
Seeker, but then James would.  We 
had a very quiet birthday tea, 
just us and old Bathilda, who 
dotes on Harry.  Wormy dropped by 
late in the day, but seemed down 
and didnt stay long.  James is 
frustrated being shut up here, but 
Dumbledores still got his 
Invisibility Cloak, so he doesnt 
have much choice.  By the way, 
Bathilda tells the most amazing 
stories about our old Headmaster.  
I dont know how much to believe.  
Can it really be true that 
Dumbledore --

HERMIONE

Harry!  Harry!

HERMIONE

Ron!  Ive found him!

RON

Good!  Tell him from me hes a 
git!

HERMIONE

Harry, you cant just disappear.  
We thought --

HERMIONE

Its from your Mum.  To Sirius.  
Bathilda Bagshot...?

HARRY

Yeah.  They knew her.  She wrote A 
History of Magic, you know.

HERMIONE

Did she now?

HARRY

Im thinking maybe we should go 
talk to her.  She still lives in 
Godrics Hollow.  Im thinking 
maybe she could help us.

HERMIONE

Harry.  I can imagine why youd 
want to go there, but... I dont 
think Bathilda Bagshot is going to 
know where Voldemort hid his 
Horcruxes.

RON

Hey!  I think you two better come 
down here.

RON

The two clinging to the tree are 
Death Eaters for sure.  Dunno 
bout the bloke on the bench.
Cant see us, of course.  But 
well have to be careful coming 
and going.  Cmon.  Theres 
something else you need to see.

HERMIONE

Lovely.

HERMIONE

R... A... B.

HARRY

To the Dark Lord.  I know I will 
be dead long before you read 
this... I have stolen the real 
Horcrux and intend to destroy 
it...

RON

R.A.B. was Sirius brother?

HERMIONE

Yes.  Question is, did he actually 
destroy the real Horcrux?

HARRY

Stop!  I order you!

RON

Kreacher...

HARRY

Been spying on us, have you?

KREACHER

Kreacher has been... watching.  
Kreacher always watches.

HERMIONE

Maybe he knows.

HARRY

Ever seen this before?

HARRY

Kreacher, I own this place.  
Sirius left it to me.  Which means 
I own you too.

KREACHER

That was Master Regulus locket.

HARRY

Thats right.  But there were two, 
werent there?

HARRY

Wheres the other one?

KREACHER

Kreacher doesnt know where the 
other locket is.

HERMIONE

But was it here?  Did you ever see 
it?

KREACHER

Filthy Mudblood -- The Death 
Eaters will soon be coming for 
you!

KREACHER

Blood-traitor Weasley --

HERMIONE

Ron!  RON!

HARRY

Answer her.

KREACHER

Yes.  It was here, in this house.  
A most evil object...

HARRY

How do you mean?

KREACHER

Before he died, Master Regulus 
ordered Kreacher to destroy it.  
It was the last thing he asked of 
Kreacher.  But no matter how 
Kreacher tried, he could not..

HARRY

Where is it now?  Did someone take 
it, Kreacher?

KREACHER

He came in the night.  He took 
many things, including the locket.

HARRY

Who, Kreacher?  Who was it?

KREACHER

Mundungus.  Mundungus Fletcher.

HARRY

Find him.

THICKNESSE

As your new Minister for Magic, I 
promise to restore this temple of 
tolerance to its former glory.  
Therefore, beginning today, each 
employee will be required to 
submit themselves for evaluation.  
But know this:  You have nothing 
to fear... as long as you have 
nothing to hide...

CORMAC

My father will hear about this.

NEVILLE

Hes not here, you fools.

HERMIONE

They have flesh memories.

HERMIONE

Snitches.  Theyre never touched 
by bare skin until the Seeker 
captures it.  Even the wizard who 
fabricates it wears gloves.  That 
way, if theres a dispute, the 
Snitch can identify who first 
touched it.

HARRY

You mean... it remembers me?

HERMIONE

When Scrimgeour first gave it to 
you, I thought it might open at 
your touch -- that Dumbledore had 
hidden something in it.

DOBBY

Harry Potter!  So long its been --

HERMIONE

Expelliarmus!

KREACHER

As requested, Kreacher has 
returned with the thief Mundungus 
Fletcher!

DOBBY

Dobby has also returned with the 
thief Mundungus Fletcher!

MUNDUNGUS

What are you playing at -- setting 
a pair of bleedin ouse-elves on 
me!

DOBBY

Dobby was only trying to help!  
Dobby saw Kreacher in Diagon 
Alley, which Dobby thought was 
curious.  And then Dobby heard 
Kreacher mention Harry Potters 
name, which Dobby thought was very
curious.  And then Dobby saw that 
Kreacher was talking to the thief 
Mundungus Fletcher, which Dobby 
thought was very, very --

MUNDUNGUS

Im no thief, you foul little git.  
Im a purveyer of rare and 
wondrous objects --

RON

Youre a thief, Dung.  Everyone 
knows it.

DOBBY

Master Weasley!  So good to see 
you again!

RON

Wicked trainers.

MUNDUNGUS

Listen, I panicked that night, all 
right?  I never volunteered to die 
for you, mate.  Can I help it if 
Mad-Eye fell off his broom --

HERMIONE

Stop lying!

RON

Piece of advice.  Lets not rehash 
old times.  Got it... mate?

HARRY

When you turned this place over -- 
dont deny it! -- you found a 
locket, am I right?

MUNDUNGUS

Why?  Was it valuable?

HERMIONE

Youve still got it.

RON

No.  Hes worried he should have 
got more money for it.

MUNDUNGUS

Wouldnt be difficult, would it?  
Bleedin gave it away, din I?  
There I was, pitching me wares in 
Diagon Alley when some ministry 
hag comes up and asks to see my 
license.  Says shes of a mind to 
lock me up and wouldve, too, she 
hadn taken a fancy to that 
locket.

HARRY

Who was she?  This witch?

MUNDUNGUS

Well, shes right there, int she?  
Bleedin bow an all.

RON

Right. So lets do it.  Who gets 
who?

HERMIONE

Well, unless one of you fancies 
wearing a skirt...

HERMIONE

Remember what we said.  Keep your 
eyes down.  Dont speak to anyone 
unless absolutely necessary.  Act 
as normal as possible.  Just do 
what you see everyone else doing.  
We do that -- and with a bit of 
luck -- we get ourselves inside.  
And then...

HARRY

It gets really tricky.

HERMIONE

Correct.

HARRY

This is completely mental.

HERMIONE

Completely, utterly, without 
question.

RON

The worlds mental.  Come on, 
drink up.  Weve got a Horcrux to 
find.


RON

In case youre interested, Im Reg 
Cattermole, Magical Maintenance 
Department.

HERMIONE

Mafalda Hopkirk, assistant in the 
Improper Use of Magic Office.

HARRY

Im nobody.

HERMIONE

Youre somebody.  Be careful.

SKINNY WIZARD

Morning, Reg!  Good luck today.

RON

Oh... yeah.  Thanks.

RON

What do you reckon he meant by 
Good luck.?

RON 

We flush ourselves in?

HARRY

Apparently so.

RON

Thats bloody disgusting.

HARRY

Are those...?

HERMIONE

Muggles.  In their rightful place.

BALDING WIZARD

Move it, will you -- oh, Runcorn!  
Forgive me...

HERMIONE

You appear to be quite popular.

RON

I gotta tell you, I'm starting to 
freak out a bit.

HARRY

The Ministry must be hiring young 
these days.

RON

Theyre not Ministry.  Theyre 
Snatchers.  They hunt Muggle-borns 
and blood-traitors for a price.

HARRY

How long did you say this batch of 
Polyjuice Potion would last, 
Hermione?

HERMIONE

I didnt.

YAXLEY

Cattlemole!

YAXLEY

Its still raining in my office.  
Two days now.

RON

Really?  Have you tried an 
umbrella?

YAXLEY

You do realize I'm on my way 
downstairs, dont you, Cattermole?

RON

Downstairs...?

YAXLEY

To interrogate your wife!  If my 
wifes blood status were in doubt 
and the Head of the Department of 
Magical Law Enforcement needed a 
job doing, I think Id make it a 
priority.  Youve got one hour.

RON

Oh my god.  What am I going to do?  
My wifes all alone downstairs?

HARRY

Ron.  You dont have a wife.

Oh.  Right.

HARRY

Look, well go with you -- 

RON

No, thats mad.  You two find 
Umbridge.  Ill be fine.  But how 
do I stop it raining?

HERMIONE

Try Finite Incantatem.  Of course 
if somethings gone wrong with an 
Atmospheric Charm -- 

FEMALE 
Level Two.  Department of Magical 
Law Enforcement, including 
Wizengamot Administration 
Services, Auror Headquarters and 
Improper Use of Magic Department.

HERMIONE

This is you.

RON

Finite Incantatem, okay.  And if 
that doesnt work...?

HERMIONE

I dont like him being on his own
down there.

HARRY

Rons been coming here since he 
was two years old.  Its us you 
should be worrying about.

HERMIONE

You really have horrible teeth, 
you know that.

HARRY

I say if we dont locate Umbridge 
within the hour, we go find Ron 
and come back another day.  Deal?

UMBRIDGE

Ah, Mafalda!  Travers sent you, 
did he?  Good.  Well go straight 
down.

PERCY WEASLEY

Oh, yes... of course.

RED-HAIRED WITCH

Reckon the old hag will be 
interrogating Mudbloods all day?

THICKNESSE

Sh...careful.

DOLORES UMBRIDGE

Runcorn.

HARRY

Accio locket.

BALDING WIZARD

All right, all right.  Lets calm 
down, shall we?

BALDING WIZARD

It probably just snuck up here 
from Experimental Charms.  I think 
none of us will soon forget last 
months Poisonous Duck...

BALDING WIZARD

R-Runcorn.

RON

M-morning.

HARRY

Ron, its me.

RON

Harry!  Blimey, I forgot what you 
looked like.  Wheres Hermione?

HARRY

She went down to the courtrooms 
with Umbridge -- 

ARTHUR WEASLEY

I understand, Wakinda, but I cant 
be a party to that.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Hello, Reg.  Isnt Mary in for 
questioning today?  Try to have 
faith.  If theres anything Molly 
and I can do for you -- 

WAKINDA

Let me guess.  Its raining in 
Yaxleys office again?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Tell him to try an umbrella.

HARRY

Arthur!  You know youre being 
tracked, dont you?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Is that a threat, Runcorn?

HARRY

No, Arthur.  Its a fact.  Theyre 
watching you.

HARRY

Ill tell you later.  Lets find 
Hermione.

RON

Bloody cold down here.

SCARED MAN

Im half-blood, I tell you!  My 
father was a wizard!  Look him up!  
William Alderton!  He worked here 
for thirty years...

RON

What is it?

HARRY

Its here...

MARY CATTERMOLE

Reg...

UMBRIDGE

Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?

MARY CATTERMOLE

Yes.

UMBRIDGE

Mother to Maisie, Ellie and 
Alfred?  Wife to Reginald?

MARY CATTERMOLE

Yes.

UMBRIDGE

A wand was taken from you upon 
your arrival at the Ministry 
today, Mrs. Cattermole.  Is this 
that wand?

UMBRIDGE

Would you please tell the court 
from which witch or wizard you 
took this wand.

MARY CATTERMOLE

But I didnt take it.  I got it in 
Diagon Alley, at Ollivanders, 
when I was eleven.  It chose me.

UMBRIDGE

No, no, I dont think so, Mrs. 
Cattermole.  Wands only choose 
witches.  And you are not a witch.

MARY CATTERMOLE

But I am!  Tell them, Reg!  Tell 
them what I am!

UMBRIDGE

What the devil are you doing, 
Albert?

HARRY

Youre lying.  And one mustnt 
tell lies, Dolores... Stupefy!

HARRY

Expecto PATRONUM!

HERMIONE

Relashio!

MARY

You?  Its you! Reg, its Harry 
Potter!

RON

Tis, isnt it?  Thisll be one to 
tell the kids.

MUTTERING WIZARD

Harry Potter...?

HERMIONE

Harry... theyve seen you.  Weve 
got to get out of here.

RON

Mary.  Go home.  Get the kids.  
Ill... Ill meet you there.  We 
have to get out the country, 
understand?

RON

Mary!  Do as I say!

RON

Im sorry.  Its just --

REG CATTERMOLE

MARY!

RON

Long story.  Nice meeting you.

RON

Piss off.

YAXLEY

Seal the exits!  Now!

HERMIONE

Harry, quickly, in my bag, theres 
a small bottle labeled Essence of 
Dittany.

HERMIONE

Quickly!

HARRY

Accio Dittany.

HERMIONE

Unstopper it.

HARRY

Hermione.  His arm --

HERMIONE

Just do it!

HARRY

What happened?  I thought we were 
going back to Grimmauld Place.

HERMIONE

We were.  We were there.  But 
Yaxley had hold of me.  I knew we 
couldnt stay once hed seen, so 
when he let go I brought us here.  
Ron got Splinched.  Im... sorry.

HARRY

Dont be stupid.

HERMIONE

Its all I feel safe doing.

HERMIONE

Salvio Hexia... Protego Totalum...

HARRY

Whatre you doing?

HERMIONE

Protective enchantments.  I dont 
fancy another visit like we had on 
Shaftesbury Avenue, do you?  
Especially with Ron like this.  
You can get going on the tent...

HARRY

Tent?  Where am I supposed to 
find --

HERMIONE

Repello Muggletum... Muffliato...

HERMIONE

Howre the mushrooms?  Seem to be 
the only edible things growing 
round here.

HARRY

Theyre great.

HERMIONE

Make sure to leave some for Ron.

HARRY

No problem.

HARRY

How bad is he?

HERMIONE

Hell be alright in a few days.  
Hopefully.  If we could take him 
to Hogwarts, to Madam Pomfrey --

HERMIONE

So where do we go next?

HARRY

Dumbledore had a theory.  He felt 
that the Horcruxes would not be 
made out of random objects.  And 
he felt they wouldnt be hidden 
randomly either.  We know of three 
so far.  The ring, which according 
to Dumbledore belonged to Tom 
Riddles grandfather.  The diary, 
which belonged to Tom himself. And 
this, which -- again, according to 
Dumbledore -- belonged to his 
mother.

HERMIONE

It scares me a bit, that, thinking 
its a piece of Vol--

RON

No, dont!  Dont say it!

RON

Its taboo -- You-Know-Whos name.  
Thats how they track people now.  
Its how they found us in the cafe 
that night.

HARRY

How dyou know?

RON

I overheard a bloke from the 
Enforcement office talking about 
it at the Ministry.  Blimey, 
whats that smell?

HERMIONE

Dinner?

RON

Not bloody likely.  Smells like 
something Ginny would cook.

HERMIONE

Tea?

RON

Is that it?

HARRY

I know.  I felt it too.
Its... its like its ticking or 
something, like it has a tiny 
metal heart, like its --

RON

... alive.

HERMIONE

I hate it.  Its like hes here 
with us.

HARRY

Thats why were going to kill it.

HARRY

Dissendium!

HERMIONE

Incendio!

HARRY

Expulso!

HERMIONE

Confringo!

RON

Its angry.

HERMIONE

Whatre you doing?

HARRY

We have to keep it safe until we 
can figure out how to destroy it.

HERMIONE

I can put it in my bag --

HARRY

No.

RON

Seems strange, mate.  Dumbledore 
sends you off to find a load of 
Horcruxes, but doesnt bother to 
tell you how to destroy them.  
Doesnt that bother you?

VOLDEMORT 

Tell me, Gregorovitch.  Tell me 
where it is...

GREGOROVITCH 

I told you!  I no longer have it!  
It was stolen from me!  Many years 
ago!

VOLDEMORT

You wouldnt be lying to me, would 
you, Gregorovitch?  Because, I 
must tell you... that will only 
make it worse for you...

GREGOROVITCH 

I speak the truth!  I remember 
like it was yesterday...

VOLDEMORT
Who was he?  The thief?

GREGOROVITCH

Just a boy!  Not of the village.  
It was he who took it.  I never 
saw it again.  I swear on my life.

VOLDEMORT

I believe you...

HERMIONE

I thought it had stopped.

HERMIONE

You cant let him in, Harry.  
Dumbledore himself said it.  You 
have to close your mind.  Its too 
dangerous --

HARRY

Its not a candle I can blow out, 
Hermione.  It always burns, even 
if its just a flicker.  Can you 
understand that?

HERMIONE

Tell me. What you saw.

HARRY

Hes found him.  Vol--

HARRY

You-Know-Who.  Hes found 
Gregorovitch --

HERMIONE

The wandmaker?

HARRY

Yes.  Howd you know?

HERMIONE

Viktor got his wand from 
Gregorovitch.  Most Durmstrang
students did at one time.  Whats 
he got to do with You-Know-Who?

HARRY

You-Know-Who wants something 
Gregorovitch once had -- dunno 
what.  But hes desperate to have 
it.  Its as if his life depends 
on it.

HERMIONE

Dont -- It... comforts him.

HARRY

Well it sets my teeth on edge.  
Whats he expecting to hear?  Good 
news?

HERMIONE

I think he just hopes he doesnt 
hear bad news.  It gets him 
through the day.

HARRY

And what gets you through the day?

HERMIONE

Weve all made sacrifices, Harry.

HARRY

How long before he can travel?

HERMIONE

I dont know.  It takes time.  Im 
doing all I can.

HARRY

Youre not doing enough.

HERMIONE

Take it off.

HERMIONE

Take it off.  Now.

HERMIONE

Better?

HARRY

Loads.

HERMIONE

Its cold.  Even though its been 
lying against your skin for days.

HERMIONE

Well take turns.  Okay?

RADIO 

... Severus Snape, newly appointed 
Headmaster of Hogwarts...

RADIO 

... bears little resemblance to 
the school under Dumbledores 
leadership.  Snapes curriculum is 
severe, reflecting the wishes of 
the Dark Lord and infractions are 
dealt with harshly by the two 
Death Eaters on the staff...

SCABIOR

Whats that?  That... smell?

HARRY

Snatchers.

HARRY

Good to know your enchantments 
work.

HERMIONE

He could smell it.  My perfume.

HARRY

We have to leave.  Were not safe 
here.

HERMIONE

I told you.  Rons not strong 
enough to Apparate.

HARRY

Then well go by foot.

RON

Im hungry.

HARRY

Were all hungry.

RON

Leave it.

RON

Mum can make food appear out of 
thin air.

HERMIONE

No one can conjure food out of 
thin air.  Food is the first of 
the five Principal Exceptions to 
Gamps Law.  The other four are --

RON

Oh, speak English, cant you?

RON

I said leave it.

HARRY

Itll be dark soon.  We need to 
find a place to sleep.

HERMIONE

Good plan.

RON

Yeah.  Brilliant.  Only, correct 
me if Im wrong... wasnt that 
yesterdays plan?  And the day 
before that?  And the day before 
that?  Walk.  Sleep.  Walk.  
Sleep.

HARRY

My turn.

RON

He doesnt know what hes doing, 
does he?

HERMIONE

None of us do.

RON

Wizards were here.

HERMIONE

I dont like this place.

HERMIONE

I want to go.

What?

HARRY

HERMIONE

Ill tell you in a minute.

HARRY

Maybe you could tell me now.

HERMIONE

Alright.  The Sword of Gryffindor?  
Its Goblin made.

HARRY

Brilliant.

HERMIONE

You dont understand.  Dirt and 
rust have no effect on the blade.  
It only takes in that which makes 
it stronger.

HARRY

O-kay.

HERMIONE

Harry.  You already destroyed one 
Horcrux, right?  Tom Riddles 
diary -- in the Chamber of 
Secrets.

HARRY

With a basilisk fang.  If you tell 
me youve got one of those in that 
bloody beaded bag of yours --

HERMIONE

Dont you see!  In the Chamber of 
Secrets, you stabbed the basilisk 
with the Sword of Gryffindor.  

HERMIONE

Its blade is impregnated with 
basilisk venom.

HARRY

It only takes in that which makes 
it stronger...

HERMIONE

Exactly!  Which means...

HARRY

... it can destroy Horcruxes.

HERMIONE

Which is why Dumbledore left it to 
you in his will.

HARRY

Youre brilliant, Hermione.  
Truly.

HERMIONE

Actually, Im highly logical, 
which allows me to look past the 
extraneous detail and perceive 
clearly that which others 
overlook.

HARRY

Theres only one problem...

RON

The sword was stolen.

RON

Yeah, Im still here.  But you two 
carry on.  Dont let me spoil your 
fun.

HARRY

Whats the problem?

RON

Problem?  Theres no problem.  Not 
according to you, anyway.

HARRY

Look, dont be shy.  If youve got 
something to say, spit it out.

RON

All right, Ill spit it out.  
Dont expect me to skip up and 
down because now theres some 
other damn thing weve got to 
find.

HERMIONE

Ron...

HARRY

I thought you knew what you signed 
up for.

RON

Yeah, I thought I did too.

HARRY

I dont understand.  What part of 
this isnt living up to your 
expectations?  Did you think wed 
be staying in five-star hotels?  
Finding a Horcrux every other day?  
Did you think youd be back to 
Mummy by Christmas?

RON

No, I just reckoned after all this 
time, wed have actually achieved
something.  I reckoned you knew 
what you were doing.  I reckoned 
Dumbledore had told you something 
worthwhile! I reckoned you had a 
plan!

HARRY

Ive told you everything 
Dumbledore told me! And in case 
you havent noticed, weve found a 
Horcrux!

RON

Yeah, and were about as near 
getting rid of it as we are to 
finding the rest of them, arent 
we!

HERMIONE

Take it off, Ron.  Please take it 
off.  You wouldnt be talking like 
this if you hadnt been wearing it 
all day --

HARRY

Yeah, he would.  Dyou think I 
havent noticed the two of you 
whispering behind my back?  Dyou
think I havent guessed what you 
were thinking?

HERMIONE

Harry, we werent --

RON

Dont lie!  You said it, too, you 
said you were disappointed --

HERMIONE

I didnt!  Not like that!  Harry -- 
I didnt!

RON

Do you know why I listen to that 
radio, every night?  Do you!  To 
make sure I dont hear Ginnys 
name or Fred or George or Mum or --

HARRY

You think I dont listen!  You 
think I dont know what its   
like --

RON

NO!  YOU DONT KNOW WHAT ITS 
LIKE!  YOUR PARENTS ARE DEAD!  YOU 
HAVE NO FAMILY!

HERMIONE

Stop!  Stop!

HARRY

Go then.  But leave that.

RON

And you?

HERMIONE

Me?

RON

Are you staying?  Or coming?

RON

Fine.  I get it.  I saw you two 
the other night.  Yeah, thats 
right.  Didnt know I knew, did 
you?

HERMIONE

What?  Ron, no -- please --

HERMIONE

Hes gone.

HARRY

Salvio Hexia... Protego Totalum...

HERMIONE

Its a Muggle station.

Hermione.

I open at the close.

HARRY

You were right.  Its like you 
said.  Snitches have flesh 
memories.  But I didnt catch my 
first Snitch with my hand.  I 
almost swallowed it.

HERMIONE

I open at the close?

HARRY

What do you reckon it means?

HERMIONE

I dont know.  But look, Ive 
found something as well...

HERMIONE

I thought it was a picture of an 
eye, but now I dont think it is.  
It isnt a rune and its not in 
Spellmans Syllabary either.  And 
its been inked in -- somebody 
drew it -- it isnt part of the 
book.

HARRY

Lunas dad was wearing that, at 
Ron-
At Bill and Fleurs wedding.

HERMIONE

What dyou mean -- wearing it?

HARRY

Around his neck.  Like an amulet.  
I didnt think much of it at the 
time.  You know Luna -- shes 
always got some mad thing or the 
other shes carrying around.  I 
just figured it ran in the family.

HERMIONE

Why would someone have drawn it in 
a childrens book?

HARRY

Hermione, Ive been thinking.  I -- 
I want to go to Godrics Hollow.  
Its where I was born, its where 
my parents died --

HERMIONE

And its exactly where You-Know-
Who will expect you to go.  
Because it means something to you.

HARRY

But it means something to him too, 
Hermione.  You-Know-Who nearly 
died there.  Wouldnt that be just 
the kind of place hed hide a 
Horcrux?

HERMIONE

Its dangerous, Harry.  But I have 
to admit, recently even Ive been 
thinking we might have to go.  I 
think its possible something else 
is hidden there.
The sword.  If Dumbledore didnt 
want it falling into the 
Ministrys hands, but wanted you 
to find it, what better place to 
hide it than the birthplace of the 
founder of Gryffindor himself?

HARRY

Godrics Hollow is the birthplace 
of Godric Gryffindor -- I mean, 
course it is.  Obvious, isnt it?

HERMIONE

Harry, did you ever even open A 
History of Magic?

HARRY

Tossed it at Neville once when he 
was snoring -- mightve popped 
open.

HARRY

Hermione...

HERMIONE

Dont ever let me give you a 
haircut again.

HERMIONE

I still think we shouldve used 
Polyjuice Potion.

HARRY

No.  This is where I was born.  
Im not returning as someone else.

HERMIONE

Harry, I think its Christmas Eve!  
Listen...

HARRY

Do you think theyd be in there?  
My mum and dad?

HERMIONE

Yeah. I think they would.

HERMIONE

Harry.

HARRY

Is it -- ?

HERMIONE

No.  But look.

HERMIONE

Did you know he had a sister?

HARRY

No.

HERMIONE

Lumos.

HERMIONE

Ignotus... Hey, Har --

HARRY

Happy Christmas, Hermione.

HERMIONE

Happy Christmas, Harry.

HERMIONE

Harry...

HARRY

Yeah.

HERMIONE

Someones watching us.  By the 
gate.

HARRY

Cmon.

HERMIONE

I dont think this is a good idea.

HARRY

We look like ordinary Muggles.

HERMIONE

Muggles whove just been laying 
flowers on your parents grave.

HARRY

Relax.  This is right.  I know it.

HERMIONE

Omigod.  Harry...

HARRY

This is where they died, Hermione.  
This is where he murdered them.

HARRY

Youre Bathilda, arent you?

HERMIONE

Harry, Im not sure about this.

HARRY

Hermione, she knew Dumbledore.  
She might have the sword.  
Besides, shes barely knee-high to 
a house-elf.  I think we can 
overpower her if it turns ugly.

HERMIONE

Theres something odd about her.  
And whats that smell?

HARRY

Shes gaga, remember?

HARRY

Here.  Let me do that.

HERMIONE

You have a lovely house, Miss 
Bagshot.

HARRY

Miss Bagshot?  Who is this man?

HARRY

His name.  Can you tell me his 
name?

HARRY

This is him, Hermione.  The one I 
saw in Gregorovitchs wandshop.  
The thief.  Miss Bagshot, who is 
he?

HARRY

She wants us to go upstairs.

HERMIONE

All right...

HARRY

She wants me to go.  Alone.

HERMIONE

Why?

HARRY

Its all right.  You stay here.

HERMIONE

Harry...

HARRY

Lumos.

BATHILDA BAGSHOT

You are Potter?

HARRY

Yes.

BATHILDA BAGSHOT

I have something for you...

HERMIONE

Harry!

HERMIONE

Confringo!

HERMIONE

Harry... Harry, can you hear 
me...?

HARRY

Yes.

HERMIONE

Good.  Thats good...

HARRY

We got away.

HERMIONE

Yes.

HARRY

Are you alright?

HERMIONE

Im fine.  But youve been sick.  
Rest... Rest a bit more...

HARRY

Youve outdone yourself this time.

HERMIONE

The Forest of Dean.  I came here 
once with my mum and dad, years 
ago.  Its just how I remember it.  
The trees.  The river.  Its like 
nothings changed.  Not true, of 
course.  Everythings changed.  If 
I brought my parents here, they 
wouldnt recognize any of it.  Not 
the trees.  Not the river.  Not... 
me.

HARRY

Where are they?

HERMIONE

Wendell and Monica Wilkens now 
reside happily in Sydney, 
Australia.  They have two dogs, 
run a small sweet shop, but floss 
daily.  No children.

HERMIONE

Maybe we should just stay here, 
Harry.  Grow old.

HERMIONE

You wanted to know who the boy in 
the photograph was.  Well, I know.

HERMIONE

It was in Bathildas sitting room.  
Rita Skeeter had sent it to her.  
Harry, it doesnt make for very 
nice reading --

HARRY

Who is he, Hermione?  The thief?  
Did Dumbledore know him?

HERMIONE

Yes.

HARRY

Well?

HERMIONE

For a time.

HARRY

Tell me, Hermione.  Who is he?

HERMIONE

Gellert Grindelwald.  Hes not 
very well known in Britain, but 
there was a time, before You-Know-
Who...

HARRY

Hermione, I dont need to have 
read A History of Magic to know 
who Gellert Grindelwald is.

HERMIONE

When Grindelwald was seventeen, he 
was expelled from Durmstrang.  
Hed started doing some twisted 
things at school -- experiments.  
A few teachers had always 
protected him, but they couldnt 
anymore.  After he left, he 
traveled for awhile, then ended up 
in Godrics Hollow where his great 
aunt lived, Bathilda Bagshot.

HARRY

Get to the hard part, Hermione.

HERMIONE

She introduced him to Dumbledore.  
It made sense.  Dumbledores 
mother had just died, Grindelwald 
was troubled and they were both 
brilliant -- theyd never really 
had anyone they could talk to on 
the same level.  They did a lot of 
talking that summer.  But they 
always returned to one particular 
subject.

HERMIONE

Wizard rule over Muggles.

HARRY

And Dumbledore believed in it?

HERMIONE

Yes.

HARRY

For the Greater Good.  What does 
that mean?

HERMIONE

It was something Dumbledore came 
up with.  He believed wizards were 
superior and should rule over 
Muggles, but gently, for their own 
good.  Grindelwald took a more 
violent position.

HERMIONE

It was a different time, Harry.  
It was one summer.  Dumbledore was 
young --

HARRY

Were young, Hermione.  And here 
we are, risking our lives to fight 
against the very thing Dumbledore 
supported.

HERMIONE

He changed, Harry.  Years later, 
it was Dumbledore who put 
Grindelwald in prison.

HARRY

Wheres my wand?  Ill take the 
watch.

HARRY

Hermione.  Wheres my wand?

HERMIONE

Its my fault.  As we were leaving 
Godrics Hollow, I cast a curse 
and it rebounded... Im sorry, 
Harry, I tried to mend it but 
wands are different --

HARRY

Its done.

HERMIONE

Maybe we can --

HARRY

Its done.

HARRY

Leave me yours.  You get back in 
the warm.  And give me that.

HERMIONE

He loved you, Harry.  I know he 
loved you.

HARRY

No...

HARRY

Lumos!
Accio Sword.

HARRY

Diffindo.

HARRY

Hermione...

RON

Are -- you -- mental?

HARRY

It was you!

RON

Well, yeah.  Bit obvious, I'd 
think.

HARRY

And the doe.  That was you as 
well.

RON

No.  I reckoned it was you.

HARRY

My Patronus is a stag.

RON

Right.  Antlers.

HARRY

You didnt see anyone else?

RON

No, I... I did think maybe I saw 
something -- when I was running -- 
over there -- 

RON

Anything?

HARRY

But I reckon whoever cast the doe, 
put the sword in that pool hoping 
wed find it.

RON

And we did, didnt we?

HARRY

See that?  It knows.  Its afraid.
Do it.

RON

What?  No.  Harry.  That things 
bad for me.  I cant handle it.  
Im not making excuses for how I 
acted, but that thing affects me 
more than it affects you and 
Hermione.  It made me think stuff 
-- stuff I was thinking anyway, 
but it made everything worse.

HARRY

All the more reason.

RON

No.  I cant -- 

HARRY

Then why are you here?  Why did 
you come back?

HARRY

Ill have to speak to it in order 
for it to open.  When it does, 
dont hesitate.  I dont know 
whats in here, but itll put up a 
fight.  The bit of Riddle that was 
in his diary tried to kill me.

HARRY

On three.  One.  Two.  Three.
Take me inside...

HARRY

Stab it, Ron.  Now.

VOICE

I have seen your heart and it is 
mine...

HARRY

Dont listen to it.

VOICE 

I have seen your dreams, Ronald 
Weasley, and I have seen your 
fears...

HARRY

Ron.  Dont listen to it!

VOICE 

Least loved, by the mother who 
craved a daughter.  Least loved, 
by the girl who prefers your 
friend...

HARRY

Ron.  Stab it!

RIDDLE-HARRY

We were better without you, 
happier without you.

RIDDLE-HERMIONE

Who could look at you beside Harry 
Potter?  What are you, compared 
with the Chosen One...?

HARRY

Ron.  It lies!  Stab it!  STAB IT!

RIDDLE-HARRY

Your mother confessed that she 
would have preferred me as a 
son...

RIDDLE-HERMIONE

Who wouldnt prefer him, what 
woman would take you, you are 
nothing, nothing, nothing to 
him...

HARRY

Do it, Ron!  Kill it!

HARRY

After you left, she cried for a 
week.  Shes like my sister.

RON

Im sorry.  Im sorry I left.

HARRY

Youve sort of made up for it 
tonight.  Getting the sword.  
Finishing off the Horcrux.

RON

Saving your life.

HARRY

That too.

RON

And just think of it.  Only three
to go.

HARRY

Hermione!

HERMIONE

Everything all right?

HARRY

Fine.  Actually... more than fine.

RON

Hey.

RON
Wo -- hey -- ouch!

HERMIONE

You -- complete -- arse -- Ronald 
-- Weasley!  You crawl back here 
after all these weeks and say, 
Hey?
Wheres my wand?  Harry, wheres 
my wand!

HARRY

Um... I dont know?

HERMIONE

Harry Potter, you give me my wand!

RON

How come hes got your wand?

HERMIONE

Never mind why hes got my wand --

HERMIONE

What is that?

HERMIONE

You destroyed it?

And exactly how is it you have the 
Sword of Gryffindor?

HARRY

Its a long story.

HERMIONE

Dont think this changes anything.

RON

No, of course not.  I only 
destroyed a bloody freaking 
Horcrux!  Why would that change 
anything!  Do you know what it was 
like for me to hear those words 
coming from you!  To see you doing 
those things --

HERMIONE

See me doing what things?

HERMIONE

What happened out there?

HARRY

Its a long story.

RON

Look, I wanted to come back the 
minute Id left.  I just... didnt 
know how to find you.

HARRY

Exactly how did you find us?

RON

With this.

RON

It doesnt just turn off lights.  
I dont know exactly how it works, 
but Christmas morning I -- I was 
sleeping -- in this little pub-- 
Id given some Snatchers the slip 
the night before, me being a blood-
traitor and all -- anyway, I was 
sleeping when I heard it...

HARRY

It?

RON

A voice.

RON

Your voice, Hermione.  Coming out 
of this.

HERMIONE

And what may I ask did I say?

RON

My name.  Just my name.  Like a 
whisper.

RON

So I took this and I clicked it 
and this tiny ball of light 
appeared.  And I knew.

HARRY

Knew what?

RON

Just knew.  On account of 
Hermiones voice.  And sure 
enough, it floated toward me, the 
ball of light, right to my chest 
and then -- went straight through 
-- right here.

RON

I could feel it inside me.  It was 
warm, like the first sip of a good 
cup of tea.  And I knew it would 
take me where I needed to go.  

RON

So I Disapparated and came out on 
this hillside.  It was dark.  I 
didnt have any idea where I was.  
I just had to hope one of you 
would show yourselves in the end.  
And you did.

RON

Ive always liked it.  These 
flames Hermione makes.

RON

How long you reckon shell stay 
mad at me?

HARRY

Keep talking bout that little 
ball of light touching your heart 
-- shell come round.

RON

It was true.  Every word.

Youre going to think Im mental, 
but I think thats why Dumbledore 
left it to me -- the Deluminator.  
I think he knew that at some point 
Id... need to find my way back.  
And shed lead me.

RON

Bloody hell.  I just realized.  
You need a wand, right?

HARRY

Yeah...

RON

Well, Ive got one.  Here.  Its 
Blackthorn, ten inches, nothing 
special, but I reckon itll do.  I 
took it off a Snatcher a few weeks 
back.

RON

Dont tell Hermione, but theyre a 
bit dim, Snatchers.  This one was 
definitely part Troll.  The smell 
off him...

HARRY

Engorgio.

RON

Wo.

HARRY

Reducio!

HERMIONE

Whats going on in there?

HARRY/RON

Nothing.

RON

Maybe a bit more practice, eh?

HERMIONE

We need to talk.

RON

All right.

HERMIONE

I want to go and see Xenophilius 
Lovegood.

HARRY

Sorry?

HERMIONE

See this?  Its a letter 
Dumbledore wrote to Grindelwald.  
Look at the signature.  Its the 
mark again.

HERMIONE

It keeps cropping up.  Here.  In 
Beedle the Bard.  In the graveyard 
in Godrics Hollow -- what?

HARRY

Jesus.  It was there too.

HERMIONE

Where?

HARRY

Outside Gregorovitchs wand shop.  
on the alley wall...

RON

But what does it mean?

HERMIONE

Harry, you dont have a clue where 
the next Horcrux is.  And neither 
do I.  But this, this means
something.  Im sure of it.

RON

I think Hermiones right.  I think 
we ought to go and see Lovegood.  
What say we vote on it?  Those in 
favor...

RON

Sorry, Harry.  Looks like its 
Hermione and me this time.

HARRY

Not still mad at him, are you?

HERMIONE

Im always mad at him.

RON

Luna?

HARRY/HERMIONE

Luna.

RON

Keep off the dirigible plums.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

What is it?
Who are you?
What do you want -- 

HARRY

Hello, Mr. Lovegood.  Im Harry 
Potter.  We met a few months back?

HARRY

Would it be okay if we came in?  
It wont take long, sir.  I 
promise.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Excuse me.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

So.  What brings you here, Mr. 
Potter?

HARRY

Well, sir, we need some help.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Ah.  Help.  I see.  Yes, well, the 
thing is, helping Harry Potter, 
rather dangerous these days...

RON

Arent you the one who keeps 
telling everyone its their first 
duty to help Harry?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

I have expressed that view, yes.  
In the past.  Would you excuse me 
one moment.  I shall return 
shortly and, um, try to help 
you...

HARRY

Whats going on here?

RON

Hes mental.  Lets face it.  
Lunas always good value, but 
shes nutty as squirrel poo.

HERMIONE

Do you see that?

RON

Well, yeah, of course.  Its 
massive, isnt it?

HERMIONE

No!  Dont go near it!

HERMIONE

Its an Erumpent horn.  Its a 
Class B Tradeable Material.

RON

Yeah, all right...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

May I offer you all an infusion of 
Gurdyroots? We make it ourselves.

HERMIONE

Where is Luna, sir?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Luna?  Oh, um, shell be along.  
Now how can I help you, Mr. 
Potter?

HARRY

Well, sir, its about something 
you were wearing around your neck 
at the wedding.  A symbol...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

You mean this?

HARRY

Yes!  Exactly.  What we wondered, 
sir, is, well, what is it?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

What is it?  Well, its the sign 
of the Deathly Hallows, of course.

HARRY/RON/HERMIONE

The what?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

The Deathly Hallows.  I assume 
youre all familiar with The Tale 
of the Three Brothers?

HERMIONE/RON

Yes.

HARRY

No.

HERMIONE

Its in here.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Well, theres no real reason to go 
on unless one is familiar with the 
tale.  Why dont you read it 
aloud, Miss...?

HERMIONE

Granger.  Well... all right.
There were once three brothers who 
were traveling along a lonely, 
winding road at twilight --

RON

Midnight.  Mum always said 
midnight.
But twilights fine.  Better 
actually.

HERMIONE

In time, the brothers reached a 
river too treacherous to pass...

HERMIONE 

But being learned in the magical 
arts, the three brothers simply 
waved their wands and made a 
bridge.  They were halfway across 
it when they found their path 
blocked by a hooded figure.

HERMIONE 

It was Death and he felt cheated, 
for travelers usually drowned in 
the river.  But Death was cunning.  
He granted each brother a wish for 
their cleverness.  The oldest, who 
was a combative man, asked for a 
wand more powerful than any in 
existence.  So Death fashioned one 
from an elder tree on the banks of 
the river.

HERMIONE 

The second brother, who was an 
arrogant man, asked for the power 
to recall others from Death.  So 
Death plucked a stone from the 
river.  Finally Death turned to 
the third brother.  A humble man, 
he asked for something that would 
make him disappear.  And so it was 
that Death handed over his own 
Cloak of Invisibility.  Death then 
stepped aside and the brothers 
went their separate ways...

HERMIONE 

The first brother traveled to a 
distant village where, with Elder 
Wand in hand, he killed a wizard 
with whom he had once quarreled.  
Proceeding to an Inn, he bragged 
of his invincibility.  But that 
very night...

HERMIONE 

... another wizard crept upon him 
as he lay sleeping.  He took the 
Elder Wand... and slit the 
brothers throat for good measure.  
And so Death took the first 
brother for his own...

HERMIONE 

Meanwhile, the second brother 
journeyed to his home, where he 
took out the stone and turned it 
thrice in hand.  To his delight, 
the girl he had once hoped to 
marry before her untimely death 
appeared before him.  Yet soon she 
turned sad and cold, for she did 
not belong in the mortal world.  
Driven mad with hopeless longing, 
the second brother killed himself 
so as to join her.  And so Death 
took the second brother...

HERMIONE 

As for the third brother, Death 
searched for many years but was 
never able to find him.  Only when 
he had attained a great age did 
the youngest brother shed the 
Cloak of Invisibility and give it 
to his son.  He then greeted Death 
as an old friend and went with him 
gladly, departing this life as 
equals...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Well, there you are.  Those are 
the Deathly Hallows.

HARRY

Sorry... I still dont really 
understand...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

The Elder Wand...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

The Resurrection Stone...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

... then encloses both in a TRIANGLE.
The Cloak of Invisibility.  
Together... they make the Deathly 
Hallows.  Together... they make 
one master of Death.

HERMIONE

Mr. Lovegood, does the Peverell 
family have anything to do with 
the Deathly Hallows?

That was the name on the grave 
with the mark on it in Godrics 
Hollow.  Ignotus Peverell.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Ignotus and his brothers Cadmus
and Antioch are thought to be the 
original owners of the Hallows and 
therefore the inspiration for the 
story.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Ah, but your teas grown cold.  
Excuse me, I'll be right back.

RON

Lets get out of here once hes 
back.  Im not touching this 
stuff, hot or cold.

HARRY

Which one would you choose if you 
could?  Of the Deathly Hallows?

HERMIONE

Its obvious, isnt it?

All three speak at once:

RON

The Wand.

HERMIONE

The Cloak.

HARRY

The Stone.

RON

Youre supposed to say the Cloak, 
but who wants to spend all day 
being invisible.  Dead boring if 
you ask me.  But an unbeatable 
wand!

HERMIONE

Its owner grew drunk with power 
and was murdered.

RON

Yeah, but imagine what a short 
wicked life youd lead.

HERMIONE

Why the Stone, Harry?

HARRY

Well, you could bring people back, 
couldnt you?  Mad-Eye.  
Dumbledore.  Sirius.  Anybody.

HERMIONE

But according to the story they 
dont want to come back.  Its all 
rubbish anyway.  Theres no such 
thing as the Deathly Hallows.

HARRY

But I have one.  The Invisibility 
Cloak my father left me.

HERMIONE

There have always been Cloaks -- 

RON

Not like Harrys.  Ive seen a 
fair few.  Dad used to bring home 
the ones the Ministry confiscated 
from petty thieves and the like.  
They always got holes or tears.  
Harrys is different.  Its 
perfect.

HARRY

And I think Ive actually held the 
Resurrection Stone in my hands, 
that night in Dumbledores office 
when he showed me the ring hed 
destroyed, the Horcrux.  It had a 
symbol on it.  Now I think it was 
the mark of the Hallows.

HERMIONE

Mr. Lovegood.  Thank you, sir -- 

RON

You forgot the water.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

The water?

RON

For the tea.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Did, didnt I?  How silly of me.

HERMIONE

No matter, sir.  We really ought 
to be go--

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

No, you mustnt --

HARRY

Sir?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Youre my only hope.  They were 
angry, you see, about what Id 
been writing, so they took her.  
They took my Luna...
But its really you they want...

HARRY

Who took her, sir?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Him.  Surely you call him You-Know-
Who.  But his real name of course 
is... Voldemort.

RON

Nooooooooo!

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Stop!  Ive got him -- 

HERMIONE

Ron!  Harry!  Take my hand!

RON

That treacherous old bleeder!  Is 
there no one we can trust!

HARRY

Theyve kidnapped Luna because he 
supported me.  He was just 
desperate.

RON

Ill do the enchantments.

SCABIOR

Hello, beautiful.

GRINDELWALD

Ah, Tom, I thought you would come 
one day.  But surely you must know 
I no longer have what you seek...

VOLDEMORT

If not you, then who?

GRINDELWALD

Youre so innocent, Tom.  Like a 
schoolboy.  Theres so much you 
dont understand...

VOLDEMORT

Tell me, Grindelwald.  Tell me 
where to find it!  Tell me who 
possesses it!  The name, 
Grindelwald!  The name!

GRINDELWALD

Cant you guess, Tom?  It lies 
with him, of course.  Buried 
within the earth.  It is he who 
possesses it, even in death.  Your 
old friend and mine... Dumbledore.

HARRY

They exist.  The Hallows.

HARRY

But he only wants the one, the 
last one.  Thats what hes been 
looking for.

HERMIONE

Whatre you saying?

HARRY

He knows where it is, You-Know-
Who.  Hell have it by the end of 
the night.  Hes found the Elder 
Wand.

RON

Dont touch her!

HERMIONE

Stop it!

SCABIOR

Your boyfriendll get worse than 
that if he doesnt behave, lovely.

SCABIOR

What happened to you, ugly?

SCABIOR

Whats your name?

HARRY

Dudely.  Vernon Dudley.

SCABIOR

Check the list.  And you, ginger?

RON

Stan Shunpike.

SCABIOR

Like ell you are.  We know skinny 
Stan.  Try again.

RON

Weasley...
Barney Weasley.

SCABIOR

Weasley, eh?  Wouldnt be related 
to that blood traitor Arthur 
Weasley, would you?

RON

Piss off!  Arthur Weasleys ten 
times the wizard you are!

SCABIOR

Worth ten times you if I can find 
him.  Wasnt you that tipped him 
off, was it?

SCABIOR

How bout you, lovely?  What do 
they call you...?

HERMIONE

Penelope Clearwater.  Half-blood.

SCABIOR

You smell like vanilla, Penelope.  
I think youre going to be my 
favorite.

SNATCHER

Theres no Vernon Dudley on ere.

FENRIR GREYBACK

Hear that, ugly?  The list says 
youre lying.  How come you dont 
want us to know who you are?  Hm?

HARRY

The list is wrong.  I told you who 
I am -- 

SCABIOR

Change of plans, boys.  We wont 
be taking this lot to the 
Ministry.

HARRY

What did you put on me?

HERMIONE

A Stinging Jinx.

HARRY

How long will it last?

HERMIONE

Not long.

BELLATRIX

Show me.





FIGURES COME INTO VIEW, STUDENTS, marching in lines, I162 like GRIM REGIMENTS, across the BRIDGE, chivvied on by a pair of DEATH EATERS (ALECTO and AMYCUS CARROW) while high upon a ballustrade, his face a mask, SEVERUS SNAPE looks on. We DRAW CLOSER, but nothing more is revealed. His face remains a mask, his eyes untelling. Finally, he turns away, his CLOAK wiping our field, pitching us once more into... EXT. NIGHT SKY - NIGHT DARKNESS. The STATIC, little more than a feeble hiss now, dies out altogether. A SOFT WHISPER of WIND fills our ears, faint but clear, and we are MOVING once more, UP HIGH yet again. The earth falls away below us, revealing... A sea of treetops, shifting eerily as we SWEEP OVER them. A gravel road COMES INTO VIEW, and then, a few yards on, FIGURES on foot. 162





EXT. MALFOY MANOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) SCABIOR, FENRIR GREYBACK and a ragtag group of SNATCHERS escort HARRY, RON and HERMIONE past thick yew hedges. Hermione eyes a white peacock, looking like a ghostly lawn ornament. Harry, his face horribly swollen, WHISPERS: HARRY What did you put on me? HERMIONE A Stinging Jinx. HARRY How long will it last?






HERMIONE Not long. Harry glances down, sees his GLASSES cupped in Hermiones palm. As he slips them into his pocket, the group suddenly slows. Up ahead, on the other side of the gate, BELLATRIX, LUCIUS and NARCISSA approach. Scabior grabs Harrys arm, pushes his face up to the iron bars. Bellatrix steps close. BELLATRIX Show me. Scabior reaches out his DIRTY FINGERS and pushes Harrys hair roughly off his forehead. Bellatrix SHINES her wand. Despite the swelling, one intriguing feature can be seen: a SCAR, in the shape of a LIGHTNING BOLT? Bellatrix studies it long and hard... then SMILES. 164 INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (SECONDS LATER) As Bellatrix leads the procession inside, she speaks to Narcissa. BELLATRIX Get Draco. Narcissa eyes her sister briefly, warily, then strides off, toward the brightly-lit room ahead, where her husband Lucius stands, cradling a nearly-empty wine glass. LUCIUS Why Draco? Narcissa passes her husband without a word. BELLATRIX Just sit back and watch, Lucius. Hm? Pour yourself another glass of wine. As she passes, she flicks her finger off the rim of his glass -- pling! 165 166 OMITTED INT. MAIN ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT Bellatrix turns, eyeing Harry, Ron and Hermione. 165 166 164





BELLATRIX Whered you find them? SCABIOR In the North Forest. WORMTAIL quietly enters the room. As Harry eyes him, Bellatrix pauses, studying his scar again. BELLATRIX Lovely scarf, Scabior. Though Im not sure its your color. SCABIOR Its not mine. BELLATRIX You dont say. Her eyes slide, catch him looking at Hermione. BELLATRIX Fancy her, do you, Scabior? Cant say I blame you. Maybe well work out a little reward for you, hm? That is, assuming all is as it appears. Ah, Draco. Come here, darling. From the shadows at the far end of the room Draco separates from Narcissa, steps cautiously forward. BELLATRIX My friends here say theyve got Harry Potter. Seeing as hes an old school chum of yours, I thought you could confirm the fact for us. Draco stares at Harry. BELLATRIX Well...? DRACO I cant... I cant be sure. Lucius steps forward, wine glass sloshing. LUCIUS Look close, Draco. If were the ones who hand Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything will be forgiven. Do you understand -(CONTINUED)



SCABIOR (quietly menacing) Now, we wont be forgetting who actually caught him, I hope, Mr. Malfoy? BELLATRIX Of course not. (eyes hardening) Narcissa. Tend to your husband. Lucius staggers back nervously next to his wife. BELLATRIX (to Draco) Dont be shy, sweetheart. nice and close.

Get up

Bellatrix nudges Draco forward until hes only inches from Harry. DRACO Whats wrong with his face? BELLATRIX What is wrong with his face, Scabior? SCABIOR He came to us that way. I reckon he picked it up in the forest. BELLATRIX Or ran into a Stinging Jinx. Bellatrix, eyes flashing, steps up close to Hermione. BELLATRIX Was it you, dearie? Give me her wand. Well see what the last spell was. Hermione looks alarmed as a Snatcher steps forward. BELLATRIX What is that? Bellatrixs tone is quietly murderous. She pushes past Scabior and Greyback, steps before another Snatcher. Hermiones beaded purse dangles from one hand. In the other, he holds... the Sword of Gryffindor. BELLATRIX Where did you get that!




SNATCHER It was in her bag when we searched her. Reckon its mine now. Bang! Quick as lightning, Bellatrix stuns the Snatcher and catches the sword as he drops. Scabior wheels. SCABIOR Are you mad! Bang! Bellatrix drops him to his knees before his wand escapes his cloak. He BELLOWS in fury. How dare you! SCABIOR Release me, woman!

Bellatrix stares at him, eyes full of fire, then flicks her wand and he slumps forward, wincing. BELLATRIX Go. GO! Scabior eyes her resentfully, then exits with Greyback and the others. Bellatrix turns. BELLATRIX Wormtail. Put these two in the cellar. I want to have a little conversation with this one. Girl to girl. As Wormtail jerks them away, Rons eyes flash with panic, meet Hermiones. She mouths: Its okay. 167 INT. CELLAR - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT Wormtail prods Harry and Ron down a steep flight of stairs, SLAMS the door. Ron throws himself against it, turns to Harry. RON Harry! Whatre we going to do? We cant just leave Hermione alone with her! Ron? LUNA Harry...? 167

Harry peers into the small, shadowy space below, senses movement. HARRY Luna...?





INT. MAIN ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT Bellatrix twirls a SILVER DAGGER in her fingers. BELLATRIX This sword is meant to be in my vault at Gringotts. How did you get it? HERMIONE I dont know what youre talking about. Liar. BELLATRIX What else did you take?





INT. CELLAR - SAME TIME - NIGHT CLICK! -- Ron, Deluminator in hand, sends a BALL of LIGHT across the darkness and a GASLIGHT BLOOMS faintly. Lunas pale face floats forward, hovers vaguely. LUNA You look strange, Harry. Mr. Ollivander, look whos here. Its Harry Potter. Harry looks standing in against the frail. His against the past Luna and sees a GOBLIN (GRIPHOOK) the shadows. Next to him, sitting slumped wall, is the wandmaker OLLIVANDER, looking chin lifts slightly, runny eyes glimmering light as he studies Harrys swollen face. HARRY Hello, sir. Ollivander falters, his face troubled. Harry eyes him curiously, when Bellatrixs voice ECHOES through the VENT. BELLATRIX (O.S.) Im going to ask you once again: what else did you and your friends take from my vault! HERMIONE (O.S.) I told you. I dont know what youre talking -Hermione SCREAMS in pain. wall, turns. Ron slams his fist against the



RON We have to do something, Harry!




OLLIVANDER Theres no way out. Weve tried everything. LUNA Youre bleeding, Harry. She points downward. Harry removes his glasses from his pocket, slips them on and peers at his sock, where BLOOD has soaked through. Harry reaches down, pulling the sock away from his ankle, revealing a SMALL GASH and the thing that caused it: the MIRROR SHARD. LUNA Thats a curious thing to hide in your sock. Taking the shard, Harry turns the silvery side toward himself (and only himself) -- and for a split second -the EYE seems to flicker there again. Harry wipes away the film of blood... but the eye is gone. LUNA You were hiding it, werent you? Before Harry can respond, Hermione SCREAMS again. Pained by this, Harry debates something, then peers into the mirror: HARRY Help us. The others study him curiously, then FOOTSTEPS SOUND. Ron CLICKS the Deluminator and all goes DARK. The cellar door squeals open and Wormtails silhouette appears in a shaft of light. Ron rushes forward, but Wormtail stops him with a gesture of his wand. Let her go! Shut it! me. RON Let her go! WORMTAIL Goblin. Come with

You.

As Griphook mounts the stairs he turns, eyeing Harry curiously, then Wormtail grabs his arm, slams shut the door. Ron clicks the Deluminator again and -- CRACK! -as light returns... DOBBY materializes before them. Dobby. HARRY Whatre you doing here?





DOBBY Dobby has come to rescue Harry Potter, of course. Everyone stares, stunned. Harry stares in similar amazement at the mirror glittering in his palm. HARRY Do you mean to say you can Apparate in and out of here? take us with you? Of course. DOBBY Im an elf. RON Works for me. HARRY Right. Dobby, I want you to take Luna and Mr. Ollivander to -RON Shell Cottage on the outskirts of Tinworth. (as Harry looks at him) Trust me. Harry nods, turns to Luna. HARRY Youll see to Mr. Ollivander? LUNA Of course. (to Dobby) Whenever youre ready, sir. Dobby blinks at Lunas use of sir. He GRINS.

And

DOBBY Like her very much. (to Ron and Harry) Meet me at the top of the stairs in ten seconds. Luna takes Ollivanders withered hand in hers and Dobby reaches out. CRACK! -- they vanish. Harry and Ron peer at each other, then rush up the stairs toward the SLIVER of LIGHT under the door above. CRACK! The knob turns and light splashes into the cellar as... ... Wormtail fills the doorway.




Harry and Ron stiffen, then watch Wormtail fall forward, stiff as a board, tumbling in a heavy heap on the cement floor below. They turn back as Dobby appears, Wormtails wand in his tiny fist. DOBBY Who gets his wand? 170 INT. CORRIDOR TO MAIN ROOM - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) Quickly, cautiously, Harry and Ron (brandishing Wormtails wand now) pad toward the main room as Dobby slips off in another direction. As Ron steps past the lifeless Snatcher without a glance, Harry hesitates, glances down. Something FLUTTERS WEAKLY in the Snatchers pocket. The tip of a golden wing. Harry crouches, looks. Its the Snitch. RON Sss. Harry looks up, sees Ron gesturing for him. takes the Snitch, slips it in his pocket. NEW ANGLE As Harry joins Ron and looks: Slowly, Bellatrix comes INTO VIEW, towering over Griphook, who holds the sword, studying it. Hermione lies at Bellatrixs feet. Seeing her, Ron starts to lurch forward. Harry restrains him. BELLATRIX Well? GRIPHOOK I left Gringotts employ many weeks ago, but when I was last in your vault, the sword was there. Hermione studies the two then watches as a STRAND of BELLATRIXS HAIR drifts free and, as if in a dream, floats through the air... BELLATRIX Perhaps it just walked out on its own then. Quickly, he 170





GRIPHOOK There is no place safer than Gringotts, Madam LeStrange. ... and catches on Hermiones shirt. Liar! BELLATRIX You cant deceive me!

As Hermione looks up, away from the hair, Bellatrix slashes the dagger across Griphooks cheek and a deep gash opens. He barely flinches, the hint of a SMILE on his lips. Bellatrix looks mildly unnerved by his reaction. BELLATRIX Consider yourself lucky, Goblin. The same wont be said for this one. Bellatrix poises the dagger over Hermione. RON Like hell! Bellatrix wheels, sees Ron pelting forward. RON Expelliarmus! Bellatrixs dangling wand shoots free, tumbles end over end... right into Harrys hand. HARRY Stupefy! Lucius Malfoy drops instantly, his wine glass shattering in a burgundy bloom on the hearth. Narcissa and Draco draw their wands. JETS of LIGHT spray across the room. BELLATRIX Stop or she dies! Harry and Ron freeze, see Hermione leaning limply against Bellatrix, the dagger at her throat. BELLATRIX Drop your wands. Ron stands rigidly, staring balefully at Bellatrix. BELLATRIX I said drop them!





RON (angrily) All right! Ron flings away Wormtails wand. Bellatrixs. Harry drops

BELLATRIX Pick them up, Draco. Now! Well, well, look what we have here. Harry Potter. All bright, shiny and new again. Just in time for the Dark Lord. Harry glances in the mirror opposite, sees that the Stinging Jinx is wearing off. BELLATRIX Call him, Draco. Draco hesitates. But Lucius doesnt, pulling up his sleeve and touching his finger to the DARK MARK on his forearm. Harrys SCAR CONSTRICTS and he GRIMACES in agony. Bellatrix CACKLES maniacally, her knife pressed against the tender flesh of Hermiones neck. A bead of blood bubbles on the blade and then... a GRINDING NOISE is HEARD. Harry glances up, sees the CHANDELIER begin to TREMBLE. As the TINKLE of GLASS fills the room, Bellatrix stares directly upward, watching as... ... the chandelier bursts free of the ceiling and plummets. Bellatrix bolts and Hermione staggers clear, falling into Rons arms. Griphook grabs the sword and as GLASS EXPLODES in razor-sharp slivers, Draco screams and covers his bloody face. Harry wrests the blood-soaked wands from his hands and, wheeling, points all three at Lucius. HARRY Stupefy! Lucius flies off his feet and drops in a heap. BELLATRIX You dirty little monkey! could have killed me! You The elf

Harry turns, sees Bellatrix raging at Dobby. stands fearlessly across from her, defiant. DOBBY Dobby meant only to maim or seriously injure, not kill.





BELLATRIX For Gods sake, Cissy, youve got a wand! Use it! Narcissa hesitates. Crack! -- Dobby waves his little fist and Narcissas wand flies from her hand. BELLATRIX How dare you take a witchs wand. How dare you defy your masters. DOBBY Dobby has no master! Dobby is a free elf, and Dobby has come to save Harry Potter and his friends! Harry tosses Ron a wand, grabs Hermiones beaded bag and joins the others in the center of the room. HARRY Give the Dark Lord our regards. Harrys hand closes on Dobbys and the drawing room begins to SPIN. Bellatrixs face twists into an ugly blur. Her arm rises, dagger in hand. There is a flash of SILVER. Then... All goes BLACK. 171 For a long time. Then... 171

EXT. CLIFF - SHELL COTTAGE - DAWN (SECONDS LATER) ... with a great WHOOSH, Harry and the others tumble onto solid earth and hear the CRASH of WAVES. As Harry staggers to his feet, stars whirl above him. He sees he is on a cliff overlooking a dark sea. Ron holds Hermione gently. Tears sting her eyes. HARRY Its all right, Hermione. safe. Were all safe. Youre

She doesnt respond, nor Ron. Then Harry realizes they are looking past him, even Griphook, the sword hanging limply in his hand. Harry turns. Dobby stands alone, a queer smile on his face, hand over his heart, the hilt of Bellatrixs dagger protruding between his fingers. HARRY Dobby... no... As Harry rushes to him, the elf crumples in his arms, his eyes rolling up to the stars.





HARRY Its okay... Here... Just hold on, Dobby... Ill fix you -- Hermione -- your bag -- you must have something -- Essence of Dittany -something... Hermione! Help me! She merely stands, tears streaking her cheeks. DOBBY Such a beautiful night... to be with friends. Dobby is happy... to be with his friend... Harry Potter... Dobby gives a little shudder, then goes still. The others simply stare, mute, listening to the waves thunder. Footfalls sound. Ron turns, sees his brother Bill and Luna approaching from the cottage in the distance. BILL Fleurs seeing to Ollivander. Anyone else need tending -He eyes Harry curiously, crouched, his back turned. Then sees Dobbys limp little legs dangling lifelessly. As the others watch, Harry reaches out and -- gently as he can -- pulls the dagger from Dobbys chest, then shrugs off his jacket and enwraps the elfs body. Slowly, his shoulders begin to shake. Only Luna dares to step forward. Kneeling, she sees Harry is silently crying. LUNA We should close his eyes. you think? Dont

Luna reaches out, tenderly places her fingers upon Dobbys eyelids and closes them. There. LUNA Now he could be sleeping.

She turns then, looks at Harry. LUNA Harry. Its all right. That it hurts. Thats what reminds us how lucky we are to be alive. Harry turns, studies her serene face briefly, then his eyes shift to Dobby, his face serene as well, in death.





HARRY I want to bury him properly. Without magic. 171A EXT. SHELL COTTAGE - DAY (MORNING) A SPADE pierces the earth as Harry begins to dig, fiercely obsessed by his task. A moment later, Ron kneels beside him and begins to do the same, then Hermione. CAMERA RISES and the THUNDERING OCEAN comes INTO VIEW and the lone cottage in the distance... 172-179 OMITTED 180 INT. SHELL COTTAGE - KITCHEN - SAME TIME - DAY As Bill fills a kettle, Luna taps the WIND CHIME hanging in the window and a GHOSTLY REFRAIN fills the room. LUNA Its beautiful here. BILL It was our Aunts. We used to come here as kids. The Order uses it now as a safe house -- whats left of us, at least. Luna ponders this, then taps the chime again. LUNA Muggles think these keep evil away. But theyre wrong... Bill studies her curiously. Then Harry appears in the doorway with Ron and Hermione. HARRY I need to talk to the goblin. 181 INT. SHELL COTTAGE - BEDROOM 2 - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) A KNOCK sounds. Griphook turns, watches Bill push open the door, step aside for Harry, Ron and Hermione. Harry waits for Bill to withdraw. Turns to Griphook. HARRY How are you? GRIPHOOK Alive.

HARRY You probably dont remember -GRIPHOOK -- that I showed you to your vault the first time you visited Gringotts? Even amongst goblins, you are famous, Harry Potter. (nodding to the window) You buried the elf. I saw you. HARRY Yes. GRIPHOOK And brought me here. Griphook studies him curiously. GRIPHOOK You are a very unusual wizard. HARRY Why did you leave Gringotts? GRIPHOOK Soon the Death Eaters will control it. That was unacceptable to me. RON Then youre on our side. GRIPHOOK This is a wizards war. side. I take no

HARRY I need to get inside Gringotts, into one of the vaults. GRIPHOOK It is impossible. Alone, yes. HARRY With you, no.

Griphook stares impassively at him, silent. He glances at the Sword of Gryffindor, which stands in the corner. GRIPHOOK How did you come by this sword?





HARRY Its complicated. Why did Bellatrix Lestrange think it should be in her vault at Gringotts? GRIPHOOK Its complicated. Harry and the goblin stare at each other, as if testing one another. Finally, Harry speaks: HARRY The sword presented itself to us in a moment of need. We didnt steal it. Griphook nods, pondering this. GRIPHOOK There is a sword in Madam Lestranges vault identical to this one, but it is a fake. It was placed there this past summer. HARRY And she never suspected? GRIPHOOK The replica is very convincing. Only a goblin would recognize that this is the true Sword of Gryffindor. RON Who put it there? The fake.

GRIPHOOK It was not my place to ask, nor did I desire to. There are more than a few curious things in the vaults at Gringotts. HARRY And in Madam Lestranges vault as well? GRIPHOOK Perhaps. I have gold. HARRY Lots of it.

GRIPHOOK I have no interest in gold.




HARRY Then what? The goblin twists the curl at his chin... then his eyes drift once again to the sword. Harry starts to respond, but the goblin cuts him off with finality. GRIPHOOK That is my price. HARRY (a beat) All right. Ron and Hermione look shocked. GRIPHOOK I have your word, Harry Potter, that you will give me the Sword of Gryffindor if I help you? Griphook extends his hand. 182 Harry reaches out, takes it. 182

EXT. SHELL COTTAGE - HALLWAY - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) The trio walk. Hermione WHISPERS.

HERMIONE Harry, are you thinking theres a Horcrux in Bellatrixs vault? HARRY She was terrified when she thought wed been in there. She kept asking you what else wed taken. Id bet anything theres a Horcrux there. If we find it, we can kill it. And if we kill it, were one step closer to killing him. RON And if we find one? Howre we supposed to destroy it if weve given Griphook the sword? HARRY Im still working on that part. FLEUR exits the room ahead, a half-empty bowl in hand. Seeing Harry, she stops, effectively barring the door. FLEUR Hes too weak.




Harry stares at her. 183

Resolved.

Fleur steps aside. 183

INT. SHELL COTTAGE - BEDROOM 1 - SAME TIME - DAY Ollivander rolls his sunken eyes toward the trio as they enter. Attempts a feeble smile. OLLIVANDER Forgive me if I dont get up. HARRY Mr. Ollivander, I need to ask you a few questions. OLLIVANDER Anything, mboy, anything. HARRY Can you identify these, sir? Harry removes TWO WANDS. Ollivander takes one in hand.

OLLIVANDER Walnut and dragon heartstring. Twelve and three quarter inches. Unyielding. This belongs to Bellatrix Lestrange. HARRY And this? OLLIVANDER Hawthorn. Unicorn hair. Ten inches. Reasonably pliant. This was the wand of Draco Malfoy. Was? HARRY Isnt it still?

OLLIVANDER Perhaps not -- if you won it from him. I sense its allegiance has changed. HARRY You talk about wands like theyve got feelings. Can think. OLLIVANDER The wand chooses the wizard, Mr. Potter. That much has always been clear to those of us who have studied wandlore.




Harry nods, pondering the wand that Ollivander returns to him, then speaks: HARRY What do you know about the Deathly Hallows, sir? Ollivander eyes Harry with surprise. And a hint of fear.

OLLIVANDER There are rumored to be three: The Elder Wand, the Resurrection Stone and the Invisibility Cloak. It is said that to possess them all is to make oneself the Master of Death. But few truly believe such objects exist -But you, sir? exist? HARRY Do you believe they

OLLIVANDER I see no reason to put stock in an old wives tale -HARRY Youre lying. You know one exists and you told him about it. You told him about the Elder Wand and where to go looking for it. OLLIVANDER He tortured me! Besides, I conveyed only rumors. Theres no guarantee he will find it -HARRY He has found it, sir. Ollivander blinks. Ashen. Stunned.

HARRY Thats all, sir. Well leave you to get some rest now. The trio begins to exit. OLLIVANDER Hes after you, Mr. Potter. If its true, what you say, that he has the Elder Wand, Im afraid you really dont stand a chance.





HARRY Then I guess Ill just have to kill him before he finds me, sir. 184 INT. SHELL COTTAGE - PARLOR - NIGHT A FIRE CRACKLES. bequeathed him. Harry toys with the SNITCH Dumbledore 184

RON Youre sure its hers? Harry looks up, sees Ron turning a STRAND OF HAIR in the firelight. HERMIONE Positive. Harry turns to the two wands on the table -- the ones he showed Ollivander -- and extends the longest to Hermione. HARRY I reckon you should take this then. HERMIONE Cant I use the other? RON You heard Ollivander. Harrys now. Its

HERMIONE But I hate that thing -- thats the wand that killed Sirius! How can I hold it and not feel... HARRY If I can hold it, you can. Hermione looks him in the eye, then takes it. RON How will we know what it is when we get in there? After all, a Horcrux can be anything. HARRY Ill know. I cant explain. like... (touching his chest) ... they sing to me. Its

Hermione and Ron exchange a troubled glance.




RON Thats a bit scary. HERMIONE It is, Harry. Did Dumbledore ever say anything to you, something that might explain why -HARRY No. I just know. When ones near. Hermione and Ron stare at him, silent, when a FLOORBOARD SQUEAKS. They turn, watch SHADOWS appear: Bill and Fleur. Fleur hands Hermione a LONG BLACK WOMANS CLOAK. FLEUR This is the closest I could find to what you described, Hermione. Its perfect. HERMIONE Thank you, Fleur.

Fleur lays the cloak in Hermiones hands, then steps back next to Bill. He studies the trio. BILL Youre leaving, arent you. HARRY In the morning. BILL And Griphook? HARRY Hell be leaving too. Bill nods, staring off briefly. Then:

BILL Listen, I dont know what youre up to, but I know goblins. If youve struck any kind of bargain with Griphook, you must be exceptionally careful to live up to it. If you dont... he wont be forgiving. The trio sits in silence. Watches Bill withdraw. glances down at his palm again, at the Snitch. Harry





EXT. CLIFF - MORNING The ocean crashes. Harry crouches by Dobbys fresh grave, which now bears a simple STONE: Here Lies Dobby, A Free Elf. Harry ponders the mirror shard, turning it from sky to sea when: LUNA (O.S.) The sky has lost a star. Lunas image skitters across the mirrors surface and Harry looks up, finds her standing there clutching a small TRAVELING BAG, staring at Dobbys stone. LUNA My father used to say that when a child died. She looks up, smiles. LUNA Funny how Mr. Dobby knew exactly where to find us. HARRY Yeah. Funny. Listen, Luna, about your father, I dont want you to think I -LUNA I know you understand why my father did what he did, Harry. Thats why we dont need to talk about it. She continues to smile. Hogwarts? She nods, looks to the sea. HARRY Its not the place you left, you know. Its not the same. LUNA Neither am I. She gives a little wave, still bearing the trace of a smile, then DISAPPARATES and is gone. RON (O.S.) Always good value. Ill miss her.




Harry eyes the traveling bag. HARRY



Harry turns, sees Ron standing nearby. HAIR. RON What dyou think?

He has BROWN

HARRY Wouldnt know you if I didnt know you. Ron studies the mirror as Harry turns it over in his palm. RON You want to tell me what that is? HARRY Sirius gave it to me. He had a matching piece. He said if I ever needed him, all I had to do was look into it. RON You mean he could see you? HARRY Something like that. I dont know. He died before I ever got to use it. The thing is... RON Go on. HARRY Youll think Im mental, but more than once, when Ive looked into it -- I think Ive seen Dumbledore. As Ron reacts, Harrys eyes shift. Bellatrix Lestrange and Griphook, clutching the sword, approach from the cottage. RON Bloody hell... thats a sight. BELLATRIX (HERMIONE) Well, how do I look? RON Hideous. BELLATRIX (HERMIONE) Oh dear, I missed a spot, didnt I? Hold still...




Hermione poises her wand tip over the bit of ginger pushing through the brown of Rons hair. RON Couldnt do anything about that bit in the back thats always flipping up, could you? Dead annoying -Hermione casts Bellatrixs malevolent gaze upon him. RON Never mind. Im good. (peering warily at her) That is you in there, isnt it? Harry eyes Griphook, who is studying the sword. HARRY You can give that to Hermione to hold, all right, Griphook? Hermione extends the beaded bag. Griphook eyes Harry and then, grudgingly, lets the sword drop within. CLOSEUP - LINKED HANDS - MOMENTS LATER Harry, Ron, Hermione and Griphook stand in a tight circle. As Griphooks hand joins the others -- WHOOSH! -they vanish. 186-188 OMITTED 189 INT. DIAGON ALLEY - DARK ALLEY - MORNING As they reappear, Harry, Ron and Griphook fall back into the shadows and Hermione, as Bellatrix, steps to the mouth of the alley to see if the coast is clear. A WARLOCK passes. WARLOCK Madam Lestrange. BELLATRIX (HERMIONE) (cheerily) Good morning. The Warlock eyes her oddly, then continues on. As Hermione retreats back into the alley, Griphook emerges from the shadows, his voice harsh and mocking.

GRIPHOOK Good morning? Good morning? Youre Bellatrix Lestrange, not some dewy-eyed schoolgirl! RON Hey. Easy. GRIPHOOK She gives us away and we might as well use that sword to slit our own throats. Understand? Hes right. HERMIONE I was being stupid.

Harry pulls the Invisibility Cloak from his coat, tosses it to Ron. Cmon. HARRY Lets do it.

A GUST of WIND BLOWS and we SHIFT TO a FADING POSTER of HARRY flapping on the brick wall, bearing the caption UNDESIRABLE NUMBER ONE. On the wall, in SHADOW, we see Griphook clamber onto Harrys back. As Ron pitches the cloak over them... they vanish. 190 EXT. GRINGOTTS - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) White. enter. 191 Towering. Hermione and Ron mount the steps, 190

INT. GRINGOTTS - BANKING HALL - DAY A vast marble hall. A long counter. Goblins perched on high stools. WIZARD GUARDS positioned throughout. As Ron and Hermione enter, WIND whistles through the doorway, sends the PAGES of the Goblins massive ledgers trembling. As the door closes, the room returns to its eerie silence. Hermione glances at Ron. He nods and she steps to the long counter, where an AGED GOBLIN scribbles in his ledger. AGED GOBLIN Identification. BELLATRIX (HERMIONE) I hardly think that will be necessary.







AGED GOBLIN (looking up) Madam Lestrange! Dear me! may I help you today?

How

BELLATRIX (HERMIONE) I wish to enter my vault. AGED GOBLIN I see. Very well. Excuse me, wont you? The goblin slips off his stool, goes to consult with another, even more ancient goblin (BOGROD). BELLATRIX (HERMIONE) I dont like to be kept waiting. Hermiones tone is harsh, authoritative. She turns to Ron, raises an eyebrow. He nods, mouths Well done, then looks away, eyeing the guards stationed about the room. One looks up, meets his gaze. TALL GOBLIN Next. Ron turns, sees the Tall Goblin eyeing him. BELLATRIX (HERMIONE) Hes with me. (with utter disdain) As difficult as that may be to imagine. Ron frowns, takes in the scene again. The SCRATCH of goblin quills seems to grow louder. Ron fidgets, eyes the guard again, who is looking at him more closely now. Ron runs a finger under his collar, shifts his eyes to the Aged Goblin who continues to consult with the one known as Bogrod. Bogrod says something and they both glance at Hermione. Then GRIPHOOKS VOICE HISSES in his ear: GRIPHOOK (V.O.) They know! Ron stiffens, turns slightly toward the empty spot to his left. WHISPERS: RON What do you mean?





GRIPHOOK (V.O.) They know shes an imposter! Theyve been warned! Ron looks back, watches the two goblins return to Hermione. BOGROD Madam Lestrange. Would you mind presenting your wand? BELLATRIX (HERMIONE) And why should I do that? Just then, the guard across the room begins to walk toward Ron. Rons eyes dance. He averts his face, WHISPERS: RON Harry, what do we do? Harry...?

No response. Ron extends his hand as casually as he can, finds only empty space. We -CUT TO: ANOTHER ANGLE CAMERA MOVING TOWARDS Hermione, simulating Harrys movement toward her. BOGROD Its the banks policy. Im sure you understand, given the current climate -BELLATRIX (HERMIONE) No, I most certainly do not understand -Sensing Harrys presence, she falters, her own voice emerging through Bellatrixs. Bogrod eyes her intensely. BOGROD Im afraid I must insist. As the guard closes on Ron, Ron looks about frantically, reaching for his wand when a GUST of WIND fills the Hall, sending the ledgers trembling again. The guard approaching Ron shifts his gaze briefly to the entrance, as do the Aged Goblin and Bogrod. None see Harrys hand slip from the cloak, his wand pointed at Bogrod.





HARRY (O.S.) Imperio. The door glides shut. The wind dies. Bogrod blinks. If

BOGROD Very well, Madam Lestrange. you will follow me.

AGED GOBLIN But... Bogrod, there have been special instructions regarding the Lestrange vault. BOGROD Im fully aware of that. Im also aware the Lestranges are one of our oldest and most respected families. AGED GOBLIN Yes, sir, but our instructions are very specific -BOGROD Let me be specific with you, Ricbert. Ive run this bank for forty-five years, long before anyone had even heard of a Death Eater. The day may come that they feel they can run this place better than me, but that day has not yet arrived. Am I understood! The Aged Goblin hesitates, then nods. Hermione. Bogrod turns to

BOGROD Madam, if you will, I will escort you myself. (to the guard) Teffington, see to that door, will you. The guard glances at Ron, then reluctantly heads for the entrance. Ron quickly falls in line behind Hermione as Bogrod leads them out of the Hall. 192 OMITTED 192





INT. TUNNEL - DAY (SECONDS LATER) A cart hurtles through the darkness, ferrying the lot of them -- Harry, Ron, Hermione, Griphook and Bogrod -- down the rickety rails, twisting and turning, sloping ever downward. Harry leans toward Griphook, who commandeers the cart. HARRY How long before they come after us? GRIPHOOK Time will tell. Harrys eyes meet Griphooks in the flickering darkness, then Rons face appears over Harrys shoulder. Whats that? RON Up ahead.



Ron points. In the distance, directly over the tracks, something SHIMMERS like a CURTAIN of WATER. GRIPHOOK I should have known -Furiously, Griphook starts to throw levers, trying to slow the cart. HARRY What is that, Griphook? The wheels SCREECH, throwing off SPARKS. Griphook! HARRY What is that!

He doesnt answer, furiously preoccupied with the cart. Harry turns to Hermione, hoping she has an explanation, but she just shakes her head, staring up ahead as... ... Griphook slumps back, powerless, watching in grim resignation as the cart careens wildly down the rail and PIERCES the shimmering curtain. Instantly, water ENGULFS them with FEROCIOUS POWER. The seats beneath them collapse, flipping downward and... They drop. ... in a cascade of roaring water toward the ground rushing up 30 feet below. Hermione SCREAMS something, her wand flashing and one by one...




... they SPLASH DOWN (relatively) gently, (relatively) unscathed. As the water drains away, they peer upward, watching as, ALARMS BLARING, the cart rattles back the way it came. Harry turns to Hermione as she pockets her wand. HARRY Well done. Hey. (studying her) You look like... you. Hermione is soaking wet and looks like... Hermione. looks like Ron. Griphook nods to the waterfall. GRIPHOOK The Thiefs Downfall. Washes away all enchantments. Can be deadly. RON You dont say. (as the carts alarms grow faint) Just out of interest... is there any other way out of here? GRIPHOOK No. Before the trio can savor this tidbit: BOGROD What the devil are you all doing down here! They all turn, seeing a soaking Bogrod, cleansed of the Imperius curse, backing away in angry confusion. GRIPHOOK We need him! BOGROD Is this your doing, Griphook? You have no rights here anymore. When you gave up your keys, you -Hermione and Harry raise their wands. RON Imperio! Bogrod blinks, resumes his mild demeanor. Harry and Hermione turn, see Ron, wand outstretched. Griphook steps past, pushes Bogrod on. Too late. Ron





GRIPHOOK Well done. The trio watch the goblins go, exchange a glance. Unnerved. Just then a MOAN is heard, DEEP and unsettling, coming from down the tunnel. Ron cocks his ear in disbelief. No. 194 RON Its not possible... 194

INT. OUTSIDE LESTRANGE VAULT - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) Ron appears first, trailed by Harry and Hermione, and finds Bogrod standing placidly by himself. As Harry and Hermione hang back, Ron moves forward slowly, squinting. Something massive shifts heavily. CHAINS CLINK. He looks: a GIANT DRAGON tethered to the ground, bars access to a DEEP VAULT. Its scales are pale and flaky, its eyes milky. Bloody hell. Green. RON Thats a Welsh

HERMIONE It looks like its been down here forever. HINGES SQUEAL SHARPLY and they jump, watch Griphook -- in the SHADOWS -- take something from a wooden box on the wall. An ODD-LOOKING METAL INSTRUMENT. As he steps into the light, he tosses it to Hermione. She glances from it to Griphook, sees him eyeing her with a strange intensity. GRIPHOOK Go on. She looks unsure. Then gives it a SHAKE. A SHRILL RINGING echoes off the rocky passage, eerie and unpleasant. The dragon rears back instantly, howling in fear, then, as the ringing subsides, settles. Ron nods knowingly. RON Its been trained to expect pain when it hears the noise. Hermiones eyes flash to Ron, then to the SCARS on the dragons face and neck. HERMIONE Thats barbaric. I...




She hands the instrument back, horrified. it, unmoved.

Griphook takes

GRIPHOOK Well only have a few seconds. In other words... theyll be no doovers. Understood? The trio eye the dragon, nod. GRIPHOOK Ready, Bogrod? Hm? Oh. Yes. BOGROD Of course.

Bogrod holds up his hand, waggles it. Griphook nods, eyes the dragon. Its eyes glimmer angrily. Griphook raises the instrument... and SHAKES IT. The cacophony is murderous. Harry, Ron and Hermione grimace. The dragon ROARS hoarsely, then slowly retreats. Bogrod strides forth, blissfully ignoring the dragons bobbing head and presses his hand to the vaults door. It MELTS. 195 INT. LESTRANGE VAULT - DAY All rush inside. In the ensuing silence, the dragon spits FIRE... just as the vault re-seals itself and all goes DARK. HARRY/RON/HERMIONE Lumos! A TRIO of wandtips BLOOM, illuminate a huge vault swimming in GLITTERING TREASURE and EERIE ARTIFACTS. RON Blimey... HERMIONE Look. Hermione crosses to what appears to be the Sword of Gryffindor. HERMIONE No wonder Bellatrix thought it was real. Harry pays no attention, having drifted away from the others, playing his WANDLIGHT over the glittering walls. The others notice and go silent, watching. Griphook eyes Harry with particular curiosity. Finally, Ron speaks.






RON Is it here, Harry? anything?

Can you feel

Harry doesnt respond, his wandlight continuing to travel over the small treasures above. Gradually, a HUM rises in his ears and he closes his eyes. As Hermione watches, transfixed, the CAMERA TRAVELS DOWN her arm TO her hand, which dangles nary a quarter inch from the lip of a SILVER BOWL perched on the edge of the table beside her. The HUM in Harrys ears grows LOUDER and his wand hand begins to TWITCH. The BEAM of LIGHT TREMBLES over the objects nestled nearest the ceiling, then settles on an ANCIENT CUP, bearing the HUFFLEPUFF CREST. Harrys SCAR CONTRACTS. He opens his eyes... The skin of Hermiones wrist BRUSHES the LIP of the BOWL... Harry stares at the ANCIENT CUP above, glimmering dully in the light of his wand when... Hermione YELPS. As the others turn, they see her retract her hand, as if stung, sending the SILVER BOWL tumbling to the floor. She holds up her wrist -- displays a RED WELT. HERMIONE Its hot! All eyes turn to the bowl, WOBBLING MADLY on the floor, when... it SPLITS APART and begins to MULTIPLY. GRIPHOOK Theyve added Gemino and Flagrante Curses! Everything you touch will burn and multiply! The multiplying bowls skitter across the floor and flip into the air. As one caroms off Rons shoe, it bursts into twenty more. HERMIONE Ron, your foot! Its SMOKING. As Ron stamps the ground, Harry pivots, tipping a towering STACK of GALLEONS to the floor where they multiply like cockroaches. Instantly, the room is a RIOT of multiplying white-hot metal. GRIPHOOK Well be crushed! Hurry!




Harry points his wand once again at the small cup near the ceiling. Thats it. HARRY Up there.

HERMIONE Howre we going to reach it? HARRY Give me the sword! The real one. Hermione reaches into her beaded bag, tosses it to Harry, who catches it by the hilt. Griphooks eyes glitter greedily at the sight of it. Instantly, Harry begins to scale the multiplying mountain of objects, climbing towards the cup. As the sizzling surface shifts beneath his feet he moves upward, beads of sweat trailing over his forehead. Suddenly, halfway up, he SLIPS and -instinctively -- to keep from falling, he reaches out and plants the flesh of his palm against the shifting slope. Instantly, OBJECTS EXPLODE FORTH, MULTIPLYING CRAZILY and CASCADING down onto Ron, Hermione and Griphook in a small avalanche. RON Keep going! Harry climbs faster -- the sound DEAFENING, objects CLANGING off one another -- until, finally, he stops just shy of the ceiling. Reaching out, he extends his arm -further, then further still -- and slips the swords tip through the cups handle. As it shimmies down the blade, a SCREAM RISES. Harry looks down, sees a terrified Bogrod pinned against the door, watching as Griphook sinks beneath the rising tide. Ron dashes forward, grabs Griphooks fingers as hes about to go under and yanks the blistered Goblin free. Harry! HERMIONE Behind you!

Harry turns and sees the swelling mountain has reached the ceiling and -- with nowhere else to go -- is about to spill itself down upon him. Turning back... Harry leaps. He plummets, feet first, soaring through the air, then crashes down on the swelling treasure. The sword -- and cup -- fly free. RON The cup!




Harry dives into the scalding treasure, hand outstretched, and catches it. Instantly, DOZENS of Hufflepuff Cups burst from his fist, but he holds tight to the original, grimacing in pain. HERMIONE In here! Hermione holds her beaded bag before Harry and he jams it inside. As they turn for the door, they stop. Griphook holds the sword, the real sword, in his hands, turning the blade in the light. HARRY We have a deal, Griphook. Griphook looks up. A kind of madness burns in his eyes.

GRIPHOOK I said Id get you in. I never said anything about getting you out. Pivoting swiftly, he SLAMS Bogrods hand to the door and as it melts, Harry, Ron and Hermione ride an avalanche of silver and gold into the outer chamber. 196 INT. OUTSIDE LESTRANGE VAULT - DAY As the trio find their feet, the dragon ROARS and SPITS FIRE, illuminating the tunnel. SHADOWS APPROACH, stretching over the tunnel walls: GRINGOTTS GOBLINS and GUARDS. Griphook! HARRY Griphook! 196

But Griphook merely looks back, grins madly and, sword in hand, rushes to join the approaching throng. Thieves! GRIPHOOK Help! Thieves!

RON Foul little git. Least weve got Bogrod. The dragon SPITS again, reducing Bogrod to dust. RON Thats unfortunate.





HERMIONE We cant just stand here! got an idea? RON Youre asking us? brilliant one.

Whos

Youre the

HERMIONE Ive got something. But its mad. Harry and Ron eye the approaching throng, turn back to Hermione with looks of mild panic. Steeling herself, she raises her wand. HERMIONE Relashio! The IRON CUFFS on the dragon snap free. RON Thats your idea? HARRY Come on! Harry fires stunning spells toward the goblins as he pelts toward the dragon and flings himself onto its neck. Hermione and Ron jump up behind. The dragon doesnt move. HERMIONE It doesnt realize its free! (trying out spells) Leviosa! Aviatus! Ex Cappa! Nothing. Ron and Harry glance at each other and then -as if reading each others mind -- raise their wands high and, as one, JAB the dragon with the tip of their wands. It ROARS, rears, and soars into the air. As it caroms off the sides of the tunnel and scrapes the ceiling, the trio duck, watching the goblins scatter like skittles and dust and debris rain down. Harry looks back, sees the dragons SPIKED TAIL THRASHING, the tunnel caving. 197 INT. TUNNEL - DAY (SECONDS LATER) A LOW RUMBLE is heard, growing louder, then a MASSIVE DUST CLOUD billows forth and... ...the dragon BURSTS INTO VIEW. It soars by, wings flapping, eyes blind, gulping fresh air. 197





INT. GRINGOTTS - DAY (MOMENTS LATER) The Hall trembles, fissures appear and the dragon erupts through the floor. Pillars spill, goblins dive for cover.





EXT. DIAGON ALLEY - DAY The grand facade of Gringotts disintegrates as the dragon penetrates, wheels upward and beats toward the sky.





EXT. OVER LONDON - DAY The dragon soars over London, shedding scales and debris as the dust-ridden trio hunker low, the cool breeze bathing their blistered skin. Ron BELLOWS in delight: RON That was brilliant! BRILLIANT!



Ron looks down, realizes hes on a dragon, several hundred feet in the air. Goes a bit green. RON Bloody hell. 200A INT. GRINGOTTS - BANKING HALL - DAY Dust still hangs in the air. Those Goblins that survived straggle over the rubble -- and the occasional dead colleague -- toward the exits. Among them, a familiar figure emerges... Griphook. Clutching the sword of Gryffindor, he bumps past his dazed brethren, taking an agitated glance over his shoulder as he hurries on before turning back round... ... and coming to a dead halt before a Death Eater, who raises his wand and points it directly between Griphooks eyes. 201 EXT. OVER COUNTRYSIDE - AFTERNOON (LATER) The sun has dropped. Below, the dragons GIANT SHADOW passes over patches of brown and green. 201 200A





EXT. OVER MOUNTAINS/LAKES - LATE DAY (LATER) The trio shiver as they cling to the dragon. Harry slides a few inches. He peers up, past the beasts head. HARRY Were dropping! The dragon circles, lower and lower. RON I say we jump! HERMIONE When? HARRY NOW! A lake shimmers.





EXT. LAKE - LATE DAY They drop like stones into the water.





EXT. BELOW THE SURFACE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - LATE DAY Harry spears through, feet first, and we INTERCUT...





INT. MALFOY MANOR - SAME TIME - LATE DAY ... Voldemort, in a rage, wand slashing the air, as he murders GOBLINS and GUARDS, their bodies falling as...





EXT. BELOW THE SURFACE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - LATE DAY ... Harrys body twists, feet kicking for the surface as...





INT. MALFOY MANOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION - LATE DAY ... Nagini slithers through the FALLING BODIES, smearing the tiled floor with RED as the AGED GOBLIN COUGHS BLOOD and...





EXT. LAKES SURFACE - LATE DAY ... Harry bobs to the surface, COUGHING up water. face streams... As his







INT. MALFOY MANOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION - LATE DAY ... blood runs into the eyes of the GUARD who had stalked Ron at Gringotts. Lucius, Narcissa and Draco survey the carnage in stunned silence, while Bellatrix -- lips parted, eyes narrowed -- watches a WIDENING POOL of BLOOD encircle his boot. VOLDEMORT, ELDER WAND clutched in his bony hand, speaks in PARSELTONGUE to Najini: VOLDEMORT The boy has discovered our secret, Nagini. We must find out just how much he knows. We must return to our hiding places and see if the others are safe. A RAPID SUCCESSION OF IMAGES FLASH: Dumbledores DESK DRAWER sliding open, revealing TOM RIDDLES DIARY and a RING with a BLACK STONE; the underground LAKE; an OLD WOMAN (HEPZIBAH SMITH) in a PARLOR, her teeth black with age, opening a box to reveal Helga Hufflepuffs CUP; HOGWARTS CASTLE; the FACE of a BEAUTIFUL, SAD-EYED WOMAN (HELENA RAVENCLAW) standing with her EQUALLY-BEAUTIFUL MOTHER (ROWENA RAVENCLAW); the LESTRANGES VAULT at GRINGOTTS; a TARNISHED TIARA, a filagreed RAVENCLAW EAGLE among the crowns detail; HARRY HIMSELF, staring STRAIGHT INTO CAMERA, EYES DARK, THE SURFACE OF HIS SKIN TREMBLING LIKE WATER; NAGINI, FANGS FLASHING... VOLDEMORT (to Nagini) And you, my friend, must stay close... As the great snake wends its way around Voldemorts feet, we see a BLOODY HAND gripping the Sword of Gryffindor. It is Griphook, eyes blank, body still. As we watch, the sword slowly... VANISHES.





EXT. LAKES SURFACE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - LATE DAY Harry, face ashen, shivers as he watches the dragon, fifty feet up, swoop down, slurp some water and fly on. Seconds later, Ron and Hermione break the surface.





EXT. SHORE/LAKE - EVENING The trio crashes through the water to the shore. HARRY He knows.







Ron and Hermione, both dripping wet, eye Harry. chest heaves from the swim to shore. HARRY (out of breath) You-Know-Who. He knows we broke into Gringotts. He knows what we took. He knows were hunting Horcruxes. HERMIONE How is it you -HARRY I saw him. HERMIONE You let him in! Harry, you cant -HARRY I cant always help it, Hermione! (frowning) Maybe I can. I dont know. Never mind! RON What did you see?

His

HARRY Hes angry. But hes scared too. Hes going to make sure the other Horcruxes are safe. RON What happens when he finds out four are gone? HARRY I reckon hell do anything to stop us from finding the rest. Theres more: one of thems at Hogwarts. HERMIONE/RON What? HERMIONE You saw it? HARRY I saw the castle. And Rowena Ravenclaw. I think it must have something to do with her. We have to go there, now.





HERMIONE Tonight? But we have to plan. have to figure out what --

We

HARRY Honestly, Hermione, when have any of our plans actually worked? We plan, we get there and all hell breaks loose. RON Fraid hes right. One problem: Snapes Headmaster now. We cant just walk in the front door. HARRY Well go to Hogsmeade. To Honeydukes. Take the secret passage in the cellar. Harry looks off then, over the lake, in the direction the dragon flew off. HARRY Theres something wrong with him. In the past, I could always follow his thoughts. Now everything feels disconnected. RON Maybe its because of the Horcruxes. Maybe hes growing weaker. Maybe hes dying. HARRY No. Its more like hes wounded. If anything, he feels more dangerous. 207-209 OMITTED 210 EXT. HIGH STREET (HOGSMEADE) - NIGHT An eerie calm. POSTERS OF HARRY -- UNDESIRABLE NUMBER ONE -- droop from every light post. SHOPS, shuttered at this hour, sit silently, SHROUDED IN A THICK FOG. Only THE THREE BROOMSTICKS evidences life, where YELLOW LIGHT and COURSE LAUGHTER drift from greasy windows. Just beyond lies Honeydukes. Suddenly, there is a DISTURBANCE in the MIST and the trio APPARATE INTO VIEW. They glance about when... 207-209 210





A SCREAM rents the air. INHUMAN. SHRILL. The laughter dies inside THE THREE BROOMSTICKS, a MOB OF SHADOWS fills the windows. Instantly, the trio pelt for Honeydukes. 210A EXT. STREET (OUTSIDE HONEYDUKES) - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) 210A As the trio close in on Honeydukes, Death Eaters spill from the Broomsticks. There! DEATH EATER #1 Right there!

The trio turn on their heels and vanish into the mist. 210B EXT. STREET - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) Harry leads the way, the trio running wicked fast through the twisting streets, glancing down alleyways for signs of pursuers, the mist both friend and foe. Suddenly, a DARK FIGURE appears on the roof above. He WHISTLES. Ive got them! 210C DEATH EATER #1 Down here!! 210C 210B

EXT. SIDE STREET - NIGHT (SECONDS LATER) Harry, Ron and Hermione race down a side street and stumble into an ALCOVE, lungs burning. Hermione WHISPERS: HERMIONE They were ready for us. Suddenly BEAMS of LIGHT fracture the mist. DEATH EATER #1 (O.S.) We know youre here, Potter. Theres no getting away. Harry slips the MIRROR from his pocket and ANGLES it. His own FACE SLIDES BRIEFLY over the surface, then the end of the alley comes INTO VIEW. A DEATH EATER stands there, wand glowing in the mist. DEATH EATER #1 (O.S.) Perhaps you need some convincing. RON Whats he mean by that? Hermione GASPS, eyes looking upward. follow her gaze. Ron and Harry

Just above the rooftops, barely distinguishable from the night, DEMENTORS DRIFT like smoke. As Harry draws his wand, Hermiones hand covers his. She WHISPERS: HERMIONE No, youll give us away. The night grows darker, the streetlights dim. The trios breath drifts visibly in the gathering chill. As the Dementors descend, the trio grimace, beset by bleak thoughts. A tear escapes Hermiones eye, trails down her cheek. Finally, Harry can take it no more. HARRY Expecto Patronum! A SILVER STAG bursts from his wand and charges down the street, scattering the Dementors before vanishing around the other side of the HOGS HEAD INN. Its him! DEATH EATER #2 Hes down there!

FOOTSTEPS clatter on the cobblestones. Harry, Ron and Hermione glance desperately about when -- suddenly -BOLTS GRIND, HINGES SQUALL and a DOOR OPENS. A CAT SLITHERS out and a MAN (ABERFORTH) appears in SILHOUETTE, the profile familiar... ABERFORTH In here, Potter. 211-212 OMITTED 213 INT. HOGS HEAD INN - NIGHT Harry, Ron and Hermione slip quickly past the man and inside. He gestures toward a rickety wooden staircase, brings a finger to his lips: Shhhh. 214 INT. SITTING ROOM - NIGHT Harry enters a room with a threadbare carpet and a small fireplace, above which hangs a large OIL PAINTING of a BLONDE GIRL with a SWEET, but VACANT STARE. He steps to a grimy window and peers down to the street, where half a dozen DEATH EATERS glance about in confusion. Just then, Hermione and Ron enter the room. RON Did you get a look at him! second I thought it was -For a

HERMIONE (mildly shaken by this) I know. Hearing this, Harry slips the mirror from his pocket. FOOTSTEPS sound from below. Harry! HERMIONE I can see you! In here!

Harry turns, watches Hermione take a JAGGED SHARD similar to his own from the mantel. He glances down at the piece in his palm, sees Hermiones eye looking out at him. Just then, Aberforths hulking form appears on the landing. ABERFORTH You bloody fools! What were you thinking coming here? Do you have any idea how dangerous it is -HARRY Youre Aberforth. The room goes quiet. The man turns, eyes Harry.

HARRY Dumbledores brother. Its you Ive been seeing -- here. Its you who sent Dobby. Harry holds up his shard. Aberforth eyes it briefly.

ABERFORTH Whereve you left him? HARRY Hes dead. ABERFORTH Sorry to hear it. I liked that elf. HARRY Howd you come by it? Harry nods to the shard in Hermiones hand. ABERFORTH Mundungus Fletcher, bout a year ago.





HARRY Dung had no right selling you that. It belonged to -ABERFORTH Sirius. Albus told me. He also told me that youd likely be hacked off if you ever found out I had it. But ask yourself where youd be if I didnt. Harry doesnt respond. ABERFORTH Right then. Reckon youre hungry. Lets get you fed, then think of the best way to get you out of here. 215 INT. SITTING ROOM - NIGHT (LATER) A tray of food is set down on the table. RON and HERMIONE set to, they havent eaten for days. ABERFORTH pours himself a glass of mead. Not his first. HERMIONE Do you hear much from the others? From the Order? ABERFORTH The Order is finished. You-KnowWhos won. Anyone who says otherwise is kidding themselves. The trio exchange glances. HARRY doesnt touch the food, just stares quietly at ABERFORTH. HARRY We need to get into Hogwarts. Dumbledore gave us a job to do. Did he now? ABERFORTH Nice job? Easy? * * * * * * * * 215 * *

*

An awkward silence, the tension heavy. HARRY Weve been hunting Horcruxes. We think the last ones in the school. But well need your help getting in. (MORE)





* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


Aberforth stares at him for a moment, until the silence grows. ABERFORTH Its not a job my brothers given you, its a suicide mission. Do yourself a favor boy. Go home. Live a little longer. HARRY Dumbledore trusted me, to see this through. ABERFORTH What makes you think you can trust him! What makes you think you can believe anything my brother told you! In all the time you knew him, did he ever mention my name? Did he ever mention hers? Aberforth gestures to the painting of the girl. HARRY Why should he... Keep secrets? ABERFORTH You tell me.

HARRY I only care about the Dumbledore I knew. I trusted him. Did you now? ABERFORTH And why is that?

HARRY I had no reason not to -ABERFORTH Thats a boys answer. A boy who goes chasing Horcruxes on the word of a man who wont even tell him where to start. Youre lying. Not just to me, which doesnt matter, but to yourself as well. Thats what a fool does. HARRY Youre drunk.



ABERFORTH You dont strike me as a fool, Mr. Potter. So Ill ask you again. There must be a reason. Why do you trust anything my brother ever said to you? Why? Harry stands mute, his face at war with itself. For a moment, its unclear which competing emotion will win out, then -- finally -- he speaks, his voice steady. HARRY Because I need to. Because if I dont, I dont know who I am anymore. Ive lost too many people to lie down now. Im not interested in what happened between you and your brother, I dont even care that youve given up. I trust the man I knew. Im going to see this through. (pause) I need to get into the castle tonight. Silence. HERMIONE and RON exchange a glance. ABERFORTH regards HARRY darkly, but HARRY merely stands, waiting. After several seconds, Aberforths gaze shifts... to the painting. ABERFORTH You know what to do... The girl smiles, turns, and walks away, growing slowly smaller in the painting with each step she takes. HARRY Whereve you sent her? ABERFORTH Youll see soon enough. HERMIONE Thats Ariana, isnt it? Your sister. Shes beautiful. ABERFORTH Shell always be beautiful. Ron and Harry glance at each other, confused. HERMIONE She died very young, didnt she. This hangs.


* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *



ABERFORTH My brother sacrificed many things, Mr. Potter, in his journey to find power, including her. She was devoted to him -- he gave her everything, but time. Aberforth looks to the empty frame. HERMIONE Mr. Dumbledore... thank you. Aberforth stares hard at Hermione, nods curtly, exits. As he disappears Ron looks to Hermione to explain her Thank you. HERMIONE Did save our lives twice. Kept an eye on us in that mirror. That doesnt seem like someone whos given up, does it? Ron and Harry exchange a glance, eye the empty doorway. HERMIONE Shes coming back! And shes got someone with her! Just then, the painting BLOOMS FAINTLY and ARIANA emerges from deep within the dark canvas. RON Whos that with her? hell... Bloody

* * * * * * *

* * * * * * * *

As ARIANA draws closer, the LIMPING FIGURE beside her comes clear: NEVILLE. NEVILLE I knew youd come! I told them all! Harry Potter would never abandon Hogwarts! HERMIONE (softly) Neville... The GILDED FRAME SWINGS OPEN, revealing -- in actuality -what the painting had replicated. Harry pelts forward...

* * * *





INT. PASSAGE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT ... into the passageway as Neville comes into the light drifting from the sitting room. Long hair. Gashed face. Swollen eye. Clothes ripped and torn. HARRY Neville, you look... NEVILLE Like hell? I reckon. This is nothing. Seamus is worse. Youll see. Hermione! Ron! Neville embraces them, then turns to Aberforth. NEVILLE Hey, Ab. There might be a couple more people on the way. The trio turns, see Aberforth standing in the doorway, watching Ariana drift back into the canvas. Neville turns to Harry, Ron and Hermione. Smiles again. NEVILLE Well? Ready?





INT. PASSAGE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) Neville leads the others down the passage. RON I dont remember this being on the Marauders Map. NEVILLE Thats because it never existed till now. The seven secret passages were sealed off before the start of the year. This is the only way in or out now. The grounds are crawling with Death Eaters and Dementors. HERMIONE How bad is it, Neville? Snape as Headmaster. With



NEVILLE Hardly ever see him. Its the Carrows you have to watch out for. HARRY The Carrows?




NEVILLE Brother and sister. Theyre in charge of discipline. Like punishment, the Carrows. Neville points to a GASH on his face. HERMIONE They did that to you? But why? NEVILLE Todays Dark Arts lesson had us practicing the Cruciatus Curse. On First Years. I refused. Hogwarts has changed. The others look shocked. Neville grins.

NEVILLE Aw, cmon. Dont be grim. Were all used to it by now. And the thing is, it helps when people stand up, gives everyone hope. I used to notice that when you did it, Harry. Cmon, were almost there. The trio exchange glances, follow Neville. 218 INT. PASSAGE - NEW ANGLE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) Neville leads them up a short flight of stone steps to a DOOR, pauses. Looks back. WHISPERS. NEVILLE Lets have a bit of fun, shall we? (pushing open the door) Hey! Listen up, you lot! Ive brought you a surprise! SEAMUS (O.S.) Not more of Aberforths cooking, I hope. Be a surprise if we could digest it. Neville looks back, jerks his head toward the open door. Harry, Ron and Hermione step forward, duck through and... 219 INT. ROOM OF REQUIREMENT - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT ... emerge into a large room that looks like a sumptuous tree house. Faces turn. Blink. Utter silence. Then...








SEAMUS Blimey. ... VOICES EXPLODE. Madness ensues as the trio is swallowed up in a scrum of backslaps and handshakes. Many familiar faces are present. Luna. Dean Thomas. CHO CHANG. LAVENDER BROWN. Neville leans down, WHISPERS to NIGEL. NEVILLE Get the word out to Remus and the others that Harrys back. Nigel nods, scrambles over to a battered WIZARD WIRELESS. As it CRACKLES to life he leans close, SPEAKS. River, DA We have a Lightning lightning NIGEL calling. Do you read? new weather report: has struck. I repeat, has struck...

NEVILLE Okay, okay! Stand down! Lets not kill them before You-Know-Who gets the chance! (as they settle) Right then. Whats the plan, Harry? Harry gazes out over the expectant faces in the room, noting the hollow eyes and broken bodies and the desperate, almost palpable desire for hope. For a moment he seems lost, awed by the sacrifice his friends have made, much of it for him. Finally, he speaks: HARRY Okay. Theres something we need to find, something hidden here in the castle. It could help us defeat You-Know-Who. NEVILLE What is it? HARRY We dont know. DEAN Where is it? HARRY Dont know that either.




A confused MURMUR fills the room. HARRY I realize its not much to go on. SEAMUS Thats nothing to go on. Harry falters, then his gaze happens upon the RAVENCLAW BANNER hanging across the room, bearing the symbol of an EAGLE. He studies it, a notion forming. HARRY I think it might have something to do with Ravenclaw. It would be small, easy to conceal, valuable. Any ideas? He looks up. For a moment, theres no response, then:

LUNA Well, theres Rowena Ravenclaws lost diadem. RON (under his breath) Oh, bloody hell. Here we go. LUNA The lost diadem of Ravenclaw? Hasnt anyone ever heard of it? Its quite famous. CHO Yes, but Luna, its lost. For centuries now. Theres not a person alive today whos seen it. Her fellow Ravenclaws nod. Ron frowns.

RON Excuse me. But would someone tell me: whats a bloody diadem? CHO Its a kind of crown. like a tiara. You know,

As she says this, Harry frowns, trying to think if hes seen such a thing in the castle. CHO Ravenclaws was rumored to have magical properties, to enhance the wisdom of the wearer.




Just then QUICK FOOTSTEPS ARE HEARD and a GIRL appears atop the far staircase. She stops, staring at Harry. Ginny. GINNY Harry. HARRY Hey there. Ron smiles, about to speak, then notices Ginnys eyes have not left Harry. He frowns, speaks to Hermione. RON Six months she hasnt seen me and its like Im Frankie First Year. I mean, Im only her brother. SEAMUS Got loads of those, though, doesnt she? Theres only one Harry. RON Shut up, Seamus. NEVILLE What is it, Ginny? GINNY Snape knows. He knows that Harry was spotted in Hogsmeade. 220-229 OMITTED 229A EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - NIGHT (LATER) Mist encircles the parapets of the castle itself, barely distinguishable from the DEMENTORS that drift like silent sentinels over the grounds. LIGHTS GLIMMER in the castle. 229B INT. COURTYARD - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) A stream of HUFFLEPUFF STUDENTS move toward the Great Hall. They walk grimly, their faces blank, as if accustomed to such exercises. 229B 220-229 229A





INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - SAME TIME - NIGHT The Ravenclaws walk in lockstep as well. One TINY GIRL (MAISY REYNOLDS) stands out, walking alongside Luna, her bearing more defiant than defeated. The DEATH EATER chivvying them along eyes her cruelly. ALECTO CARROW Put a smile on, Miss Reynolds. Wouldnt want me to have to pay a visit to Daddy again, would you?





INT. DUNGEON CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT Slytherin House walks in rigid synchronization, backs straight, in perfect rhythm. We catch sight of BLAISE ZABINI and GOYLE.





INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - SAME TIME - NIGHT As the Grffindors walk, Harry moves in their midst, effectively shielded. Harry slips past a few people, reaches out and... enfolds Ginnys hand in his own. She doesnt look back, knows its him, knows his touch.





INT. GREAT HALL - SAME TIME - NIGHT Each House stands together as a group, the room buzzing. No one sits. Harry is nowhere to be seen. At the Tall Table at the top of the Hall two DEATH EATERS -- AMYCUS AND ALECTO CARROW -- stand like sinister sentinels, their eyes raking the crowd. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL, her face ashen, her bearing reduced, stands along the right wall, while Flitwick stands by the left wall. As Snape enters, the room goes slowly silent. SNAPE Many of you are surely wondering why I have summoned you here at this hour. It has come to my attention that earlier this evening... Harry Potter was sighted in Hogsmeade. A MURMURED THRILL fills the Hall. McGonagalls eyes glisten with curiosity. Snape raises his voice, briefly, to quell the noise in the Hall. SNAPE I mention this in the hopes that truth will not be supplanted by rumor. (MORE)







As APPLAUSE erupts from the Slytherins, Maisy Reynolds, glowers over at them. Snape raises a hand. The room returns to silence. SNAPE Now then. If anyone here has knowledge of Mr. Potters movements this evening... I invite them to step forward now. Snapes eyes rake the Hall. Dead silence. shift of glances. And then... FOOTSTEPS. A FIGURE appears in the shadows at the back of the Hall. McGonagalls chin rises in disbelief. Maisys face blooms with hope. And then... HARRY (O.S.) I think I can help you out with that... ... Harry appears. HARRY It would seem that, despite your exhaustive defensive strategies, you have a bit of a security problem, Headmaster. Snape stares in stunned disbelief, then his gaze shifts as one by one, others emerge: Ron. Hermione. Lupin.


A nervous



Arthur. Thomas.

Molly. Fred. Bill. Fleur.

George. Percy. Luna. Kingsley Shacklebolt.

Dean

HARRY And Im afraid its rather extensive. The Carrows, who had been moving towards Harry, falter, turn to Snape with uncertainty. Harrys eyes narrow with malice as he stares at Snape. HARRY How dare you stand where he stood. Snape watches Harry draw his wand, point it at him. HARRY Tell them how it was that night. Tell then how you looked him in the eye, a man who trusted you... and killed him. Tell them! Snapes eyes find Harrys, but his face remains a mask. McGonagall stands poised, no longer an ashen ghost. Flitwicks hand twitches over his wand. The air prickles with anticipation. Snape moves as if to retrieve his wand. McGonagall steps forward and sends a VOLCANIC BLAST Snapes way. Pivoting, he parries the spell -- barely -- and sends it RICOCHETING around the room. CHAOS ensues. Flitwick and the rest of the staff -inspired by Harry and McGonagall -- leap forth, wands out. Snape, outnumbered, standing at the epicenter, parries spell after spell with astonishing skill deflecting two of the curses into Alecto and Amycus Carrow. Snape takes the measure of the room and sweeps his wand over his head, reducing the TORCHES that line the wall to SMOKE and pitching the Hall into total DARKNESS. As STUDENTS SCREAM, a GREAT WHOOSHING sound fills the Hall and some flying thing flickers past the windows, RATTLING the PANES before BLASTING through one. Instantly, the torches BURST back to life and we see that its McGonagall, wand raised aloft, whos done it. In the moonlight, Harry can see a BATLIKE CREATURE beating into the night. McGonagall peers bitterly into the darkness.





PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Coward! COWARD! And he didnt even stay to fight! (turning to Harry) Mr. Potter, do you mind telling me what youre doing here, which, I trust you realize, is an act of complete and utter lunacy? HARRY Im a Gryffindor. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL I thought it might have something to do with that. (turning to the room) All right! Settle down! Settle down! The room quiets. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL It appears that your Headmaster, to use the common phrase, has done a bunk. CHEERS RISE from all Houses save Slytherin, where PANSY PARKINSON glowers along with Blaise and Goyle. Even McGonagall cant help but smile. Just then, Harry WINCES slightly, pressing his fingers to his temple. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Potter... A slow RUMBLING fills the Hall. Harry, fingers trembling with pain, glances up, sees DARK CLOUDS coagulating in the Enchanted Ceiling. McGonagall follows his gaze, as do others, watching as the clouds shift eerily, like blots of blood. Suddenly the FLAMES in the torches along the walls TREMBLE as a CHILL BREEZE consumes the room. The Hall slowly DIMS. All grows progressively silent when... ... a GIRL SCREAMS, her voice rising and rising. Harry rushes through the throng, the students parting as he pelts forwards, pushing past them until he finds... ... Maisy, cowering on the floor in the corner, hands over her ears, eyes clenched tight. She seems possessed. Everyone watches, chilled. Finally Harry starts to move forward, when he himself WINCES, pressing his fingers to his temples. Another person SCREAMS somewhere in the Hall, then another. Harry glances about him, at the circle of faces in his vicinity.




All are a mirror image of Maisy now, grimacing in pain. Harry stares, confused, stricken with pain, when... ... a VOICE BLOOMS in his head in a DEATHLY WHISPER. VOLDEMORT (V.O.) I know that many of you will want to fight. Some of you may even think this wise. But this is folly. We WEAVE THROUGH the room, taking in the faces, listening in mute misery as Voldemort speaks. Ginny, Hermione, Ron, Fred, George, Seamus... on and on. VOLDEMORT (V.O.) I wish you no harm. I have great respect for the students of Hogwarts. I was once one myself after all. I ask for but one thing and if granted no magical blood shall be spilt... For a moment they stand, hung in silence... VOLDEMORT (V.O.) Give me Harry Potter. Do this and none shall be harmed. Give me Harry Potter and I shall leave Hogwarts untouched. Give me Harry Potter and you will be rewarded. With that, the whisper recedes and those in the slowly surface back into the prickling ambience here and now. Above them, the clouds evaporate Enchanted Ceiling. And then, like iron filings to the surface of a magnet, every eye finds... Harry. For a moment, silence. finger at Harry. Then, Pansy Parkinson jabs her Hall of the in the flaking

PANSY PARKINSON But hes there! Potters there! Someone grab him! Instinctively, Ginny steps in front of Harry, wand drawn. Then, as one, the Gryffindors assemble in a line and face towards the Slytherins, shielding Harry. Moments later, the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs do the same. Harrys eyes glitter at the sight, moved. Ginny lowers her wand. Just then... FILCH bursts in the Hall.




FILCH Students out of bed! the corridors!

Students in

Filch stops dead, as MRS. NORRIS wends through his legs. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Theyre supposed to be out of bed, you blithering idiot! Oh. FILCH Sorry, mum.

Filch begins to turn away. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Wait! As it turns out, Mr. Filch, your arrival is most opportune. If you would, Id like you to lead Miss Parkinson and the rest of Slytherin House from the Hall. FILCH Right away. (stopping) Er, exactly where is it Id be leadin em to, mum? PROFESSOR McGONAGALL (a thought, then...) The dungeons should do. CHEERS rise again and McGonagalls eyes turn on Harry. She rises up to full height, her jaw firm. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL I presume you have a reason for returning, Potter. What is it you need? Time. HARRY As much as you can give me.

PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Do what you have to do. Ill secure the castle. HARRY Is that possible, Professor? PROFESSOR McGONAGALL We teachers are rather good at magic, Potter. Weve even been known to turn out a worthwhile witch or wizard on occasion. (MORE)





Harry follows McGonagalls gaze, sees Neville and Ginny conferring with a sprinkling of DA members. HARRY I think youre right. McGonagall nods, still sizing up Neville and the others. Harry turns, starts to exit. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL By the way, Potter... (as he looks back) Its good to see you. HARRY You, too, Professor. 231-232 OMITTED 233 INT./EXT. GREAT HALL/COURTYARD - SAME TIME - NIGHT Neville and Ginny flank McGonagall as she sweeps out of the Great Hall and into the courtyard. Flitwick and other members of the DA -- including Seamus -- trail after. NEVILLE Let me get this straight, Professor. Youre giving us permission to do this? PROFESSOR McGONAGALL That is correct, Longbottom. To blow it up. Boom. NEVILLE Wicked. (a frown) Um... exactly how do you propose we do this, Professor? PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Why dont you confer with Mr. Finnegan. (MORE) NEVILLE Boom. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL 231-232 233





Neville and Ginny glance back at Seamus. SEAMUS I can bring er down. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Thats the spirit. Now off you go. Neville, Ginny, Seamus and the DA peel off. FLITWICK You realize, of course, that nothing we do will be able to keep out You-Know-Who indefinitely. MADAM SPROUT That doesnt mean we cant hold him up. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL That doesnt mean we cant hold him up. And his name is Voldemort, Filius. You might as well use it. Hes going to try to kill you either way. With that, McGonagall wheels, raises her wand and points it in the direction of the Great Hall. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Piertotum Locomotor! 234 INT. ENTRANCE TO GREAT HALL - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT Instantly, all along the corridor STATUES and SUITS OF ARMOR come to life on their plinths. 235 EXT. COURTYARD - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT As McGonagall and the others watch, the statues parade INTO VIEW. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Hogwarts is threatened! Man the boundaries and protect us! Do your duty to our school! As the statues thunder past, heading toward the viaduct, McGonagall watches with evident pleasure.








PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Ive always wanted to use that spell. Several yards off, Flitwick holds his wand aloft, his face grimly determined. Momentarily a disturbance troubles the atmosphere -- this is powerful stuff -McGonagall and other Staff members step forward to assist, wands raised high. Together, they conjure... TEACHERS Protego Maxima... Finato Duri... Repello Inimicum... 235A EXT. HOGWARTS (AERIAL) - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT ... a magical SHIELD, which expands ever outward, blooming over the castle grounds, while far below the STATUES march the length of the viaduct and take their positions along the perimeter, still as sentinels. 235B EXT. WOODEN BRIDGE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT Further on, small as ants from this vantage, Neville, Ginny, Seamus and half a dozen DA members approach the WOODEN BRIDGE. 236 EXT. HOGWARTS ROCK - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT As we leave them behind, MOVING BEYOND the Shields reach, a MASSIVE, QUIVERING SHADOW comes INTO VIEW, drifting toward the castle: DEATH EATERS, their numbers staggering. We DESCEND INTO their midst and a FIGURE EMERGES, stepping onto an OUTCROPPING, robes billowing, flanked by Bellatrix and PIUS THICKNESSE. We SWEEP AROUND, FIND his face: Voldemort. 236A INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - NIGHT Controlled chaos as scores of students and Staff sweep over the staircase, preparing for battle. Harry moves quickly, followed by Ron and Hermione. They speak with urgency. RON Harry, Hermione and I have been thinking. It doesnt really matter if we find the Horcrux. 236A 236 235B 235A

HARRY (stopping) Whatre you saying? HERMIONE Unless we can destroy it. RON So we were thinking -HERMIONE You were thinking. Its Rons idea. And its brilliant. RON You destroyed Tom Riddles Diary with a Basilisk fang, right? Well, we know where we might find one, dont we? Harry looks at the two of them. Ponders this. Nods.

HARRY Okay. But take this. That way you can find me when you get back. Harry hands Hermione the MARAUDERS MAP. HERMIONE Where are you going? HARRY Ravenclaw Common Room. start somewhere. Got to

Hermione nods, slips the Map in her beaded bag and she and Ron head off. Just before they turn the corner, Ron looks back, holds Harrys glance briefly... and then is gone. As Harry continues on, Luna steps INTO FRAME, watches him vanish in the crowd. 237 238 OMITTED INT. SPANNING BRIDGE - SAME TIME - NIGHT Harry dashes across the bridge. Harry! you! Wait! LUNA I need to talk to 237 238

He glances back, slowing, but doesnt break stride.




HARRY Im a bit preoccupied right now, Luna. LUNA But you wont find anything where youre going. Youre wasting your time. Harry frowns, mildly annoyed, doesnt glance back. HARRY Well talk later, Luna. LUNA Harry -HARRY Later. Luna stops, watching him recede. HARRY POTTER! RIGHT NOW! Harry stops, stunned. Then suddenly:

LUNA YOU LISTEN TO ME Luna collects herself.

Turns.

LUNA Dont you remember what Cho said about Rowena Ravenclaws diadem: Theres not a person alive whos seen it. Harry stares dumbly back, shrugs, So? LUNA Its obvious, isnt it? We have to talk to someone whos dead. Harry stares at her oddly when suddenly he becomes aware of the DISTURBANCE in the AIR around them. He looks up, toward the shield above, then at the tiny figure of Flitwick, wand aloft, standing with McGonagall and Sprout. LUNA Hes very impressive, isnt he? Harry starts to respond when he WINCES, clutches his scar, sees...





EXT. HOGWARTS ROCK - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... Voldemort, regarding the castle pityingly as the Hogwarts faithful take their positions. VOLDEMORT They never learn. Such a pity. Voldemort smiles, as if amused. Begin. Bellatrix RAISES HER ARM in signal and the sea of Death Eaters settle, poised and waiting. The air goes still... THICKNESSE But, my Lord, shouldnt we wait -Voldemorts eyes shift, killing the remainder of Thicknesses sentence before it can escape his throat. Bellatrixs eyes narrow in contempt. Chilled, Thicknesse looks away. Then -- as if burying a knife deep in the heart of an enemy... Bellatrix drops her arm. His eyes gleam fiercely.



VOLDEMORT



EXT. SPANNING BRIDGE - SAME TIME - NIGHT EXPLOSIONS SOUND. Harry blinks, looking upward as the sky blazes with light and SMOKING TENDRILS plummet towards the castle. BOOM! The bridge ROLLS under his feet but the shield holds... for now. As fire fills the sky again, Fred and George burst out of the castle, grinning madly. FRED Nice night for it! Harry turns to Luna. Okay, Luna. mind? HARRY Whove you got in





INT. EMPTY CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT Ron and Hermione move down a desolate corridor. They react to the distant sound of MUTED EXPLOSIONS, consider the door to the bathroom before them, then each other. Without a word, they pass through. Gone.







EXT. WOODEN BRIDGE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) Neville limps into our FIELD OF VIEW and peers outward, marveling at the bombardment above. SEAMUS (O.S.) Thats it. I want a charge on each and every joist. Neville peers below. Down amongst the pilings, Seamus directs KATIE BELL, CHO and NIGEL in placing magical charges (spells) on key pressure points. NEVILLE You do know what youre doing, dont you, Seamus? Seamus winks, gives a thumbs-up -- he seems to be enjoying himself, perhaps inordinately so. Neville exhales, shakes his head. NEVILLE Blimey. Neville looks off then, peering back along the bridges spine to where Ginny stands at the far end. Seeing him, she raises her hand to wave... then goes still, her hand suspended in the air, looking past Neville as a HOWLING rises on the air like a crude battle cry. Hearing it, too, Neville turns, our view expanding, rising, revealing... HUNDREDS OF BAYING SNATCHERS rolling in an angry wave over the hill opposite. NEVILLE Not good.





INT. STAIRCASE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) Luna leads Harry up a SHADOWY STAIRCASE, out into...





INT. GREY LADY CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT ... a corridor. LUNA If youre to find her, youll find her down there. HARRY Arent you coming?






Luna cocks her head, staring down toward the dark end. LUNA No. I think it best if you two talk alone. Shes very shy. Luna exits. 245 Harry eyes the shadows ahead. 245

EXT. BATTLEMENTS - SAME TIME - NIGHT Lupin and SHACKLEBOLT stride out into the night as Dean tags after. Shacklebolt gives instructions to Dean. KINGSLEY SHACKLEBOLT Tell Professor McGonagall Remus and I will handle this side of the castle. DEAN Yes, sir. As Dean starts off, the grounds beyond and below come INTO VIEW: a sea of Death Eaters. Kingsley and Remus stop dead, narrow their eyes. KINGSLEY SHACKLEBOLT Dean! (as Dean stops) On second thought, tell Professor McGonagall we might need one or two more wands this side. Dean nods, continues on, merely trading a glance with Arthur, Fred and George as they appear, staring in stunned disbelief at the deadly throng across the landscape. LUPIN Its the quality of ones conviction that determines success, not the number of ones followers. Lupin stares straight ahead, as does Shacklebolt. KINGSLEY SHACKLEBOLT Who said that? LUPIN Me. For the first time, they look at each other, share a fatalistic smile. Just then TONKS appears.




LUPIN Speaking of quality. Tonks rushes past the Weasleys, lightly touching Arthurs arm as she leaps into Lupins embrace. He hugs her deeply. LUPIN You shouldnt have. who needs you. Its Teddy

TONKS Hell sleep til dawn and snore like his father. Its you who needs me tonight. He looks her in the eye, not denying it. Then a THUNDEROUS BOOM SHATTERS the night and ACRID PLUMES of smoke strafe the sky. As they plummet, we TRACE their arcs... 246 INT. GREY LADY CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT ... DOWNWARD, as SHADOWS, streaking across the walls of the corridor Harry walks. Up ahead, a GAUZY SHADOW plays eerily in the corner, undulating like the fins of a goldfish. As he turns the corner, Harry finds a BEAUTIFUL GHOST (Helena Ravenclaw) floating before a VEINED MIRROR, her reflected eyes distant and sad. As her face comes INTO VIEW, he reacts, recognizing her from his visions. HARRY Its you... 247 EXT. WOODEN BRIDGE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) The sea of Snatchers close on the bridge, their HOWLS DEAFENING. As Neville looks on in terror, a fresh VOLLEY of ROCKETS lace the night sky, his skin throbbing with a kaleidoscope of light: Blood red. Blue moon. Bright sun. He glances up, watching as the bombs strike the SHIELD and the SKY SHIVERS like water. Suddenly, his expression changes, faint hope displacing dread as... THWACK! ... teeth bared, the first Snatcher runs flat into Flitwicks shield and bounces back. THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! 247 246





One after another, the Snatchers bounce back. blooms on Nevilles face. NEVILLE Ha! Ha!

A grin

Scabior stops short, eyeing the area ahead warily. Neville begins to LAUGH, in faint disbelief at first, then harder, almost maniacally, consumed by a fear turned to ecstasy. Hoarsely, he bellows at Scabior. Yeah! NEVILLE You and whose army!

He grins, raises his wand and, with a TRIUMPHANT WHOOP, WHIPS his arm (too) VIGOROUSLY into the air and fires a SHOT into the night sky... Woah! SEAMUS Easy up there!

Neville looks down, sees Seamus -- draped in CHARGES -glaring up at him. NEVILLE Sorry. (rubbing his elbow) Ow. 248 INT. OUTSIDE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - SAME TIME - NIGHT Ron and Hermione reach the SERPENTS HATCH that bars the way to the chamber. Ron takes out his wand. RON (in Parseltongue) Take me inside. Hermiones eyes widen in shock. Ron shrugs. Havent 248

RON Harry talks in his sleep. you noticed? No. HERMIONE Of course not.

The hatch swings open.





INT. APPROACH TO CHAMBER OF SECRETS - SAME TIME - NIGHT Ron and Hermione make their way through the shadowy cavern, BONES snapping like fish scales under their feet. As they reach a low wall of rocks, waist-high, Ron stops. RON Ive never got this far before. HERMIONE Im scared. Ron looks at her, then hoists himself through. RON Me too.





INT. CHAMBER OF SECRETS - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT Ron and Hermione spill into the soaring cavern and begin to walk the gauntlet of serpents. Hermione peers ahead into Salazar Slytherins sinister face. HERMIONE I didnt expect it to be like this. RON What did you expect it to be like? HERMIONE Not this.





INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT The Grey Lady drifts eerily, staring at Harry. HARRY Youre the Grey Lady, the ghost of Ravenclaw Tower. THE GREY LADY I do not answer to that name. HARRY Im sorry. Its Helena, isnt it? Helena Ravenclaw. Rowenas daughter. Luna told me. THE GREY LADY Are you a friend of Lunas?







HARRY Yes. She thought you might be able to help me. THE GREY LADY You seek my mothers diadem. Harry stops, stunned. Yes! HARRY Thats right --

THE GREY LADY Luna is kind. Unlike so many of the others, but she was wrong. I cannot help you. She begins to drift away. Outside, EXPLOSIONS are heard. The room QUAKES. Harry looks desperate. HARRY Wait! Please! THE GREY LADY Many have sought my mothers diadem. Its powers are legendary... HARRY But I dont care about its powers! Honestly -But she is drifting away. Harry watches in desperation. You

HARRY I dont seek it for myself! have to believe me! But she only drifts on. go, then... decides:

Helplessly, Harry watches her

HARRY I want to destroy it. She stops. Turns. He sees this has hooked her in some way. Begins walking back toward her, nodding. HARRY Thats what you want, isnt it, Helena? You want it destroyed. THE GREY LADY (vague, drifting) She thought I took it to hurt her. (MORE)




HARRY Ill end your pain, Helena. Tell me where it is and Ill destroy it, I swear, on my mothers memory -THE GREY LADY Another swore to destroy it, many years ago, a strange boy with a strange name... HARRY Tom Riddle -THE GREY LADY But he lied. HARRY Hes lied to many people -Suddenly, her eyes blaze with anger, her face contorting horribly and Harry cant help but take a step back. THE GREY LADY I know what hes done! I know who he is! He defiled it! With Dark Magic! Harry stares at her, watching as her eyes drift and her face resolves itself again, vacant but beautiful. HARRY Yes. Thats right. But I can undo that, Helena. I can destroy it once and for all. But only if you tell me where he hid it. You know where he hid it, dont you, Helena? You just have to tell me. Please. (stepping toward her) Trust me. She looks at him, standing so close now, only inches apart, lost in his eyes for a moment. THE GREY LADY Strange... you remind me of him a bit...




Harry stares at her, stung, suddenly looking a bit lost himself. EXPLOSIONS sound again, faintly this time and for a moment its as if hes forgotten why hes come here. Then, her voice brings him round: THE GREY LADY Its here. In the castle. In the place where everything is hidden... Harry probes her eyes, baffled. THE GREY LADY If you have to ask, youll never know. If you know, you need only ask... Slowly, Harrys expression changes. away. HARRY Thank you... ... then turning... HARRY Thank you... ... then running. 252 INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) Harry careens down the staircase, buffeted by the chaos that surrounds him, swept forward by the tide of people screaming and shouting as they deploy to different parts of the castle. Its madness. 253 INT. CHAMBER OF SECRETS - SAME TIME - NIGHT Ron emerges from the shadows, basilisk fang in hand, and joins Hermione on Slytherins altar. She reaches into the beaded bag and removes the cup. He extends the fang to her. RON You do it. She starts to speak, to object, when Ron speaks: RON Yes, you can. 253 252 Then, he is backing





She reaches out, her hand trembling, and takes the fang from his fingers. She raises her arm -- still as glass for a moment -- then knifes down... 253A EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - SAME TIME - NIGHT Voldemort HOWLS, his eyes burning scarlet... 254 255 OMITTED INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - SAME TIME - NIGHT Harry STAGGERS, ROARING in agony, his IRISES BLOOMING RED in the reflected glow of the guttering torch on the wall he steadies himself against as... 256 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... impulsively, violently, Voldemort draws his wand -the Elder Wand -- then stops -- briefly -- studying it. A strange mixture of awe and ambivalence darkens his face. Then, suddenly, it vanishes and he points the wand to the sky. His arm SWEEPS forth. And a CRACK OF THUNDER shakes the grounds. The sky turns white. For a moment, everything is FROZEN, STILL... 257 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... and then an ERUPTION of sound and fury rolls over the grounds. 258 EXT. WOODEN BRIDGE - SAME TIME - NIGHT Neville stares to the sky, his face bleached white. Ginnys pupils contract. 259 EXT. COURTYARD - SAME TIME - NIGHT McGonagall studies the trembling shield above. 260 EXT. BATTLEMENTS - SAME TIME - NIGHT Tonks reaches for Lupins hand, but is unable to bridge the few inches that separate their fingers. 260 259 258 257 256 254 255 253A




INT. CHAMBER OF SECRETS - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... the cup tumbles into the water, SIZZLING as it makes contact, sending a WRAITH of WATER spewing forth, tortured and writhing. It hangs, suspended tremulously in the air, horrifying... then EXPLODES, raining over Ron and Hermione. They stand, utterly still, as the water runs off their bodies and pools at their feet. For a moment, they stay like this, unmoving, as if amazed to have survived, then their eyes shift, find each other. They do not blink, the moment fraught. Then Hermione -almost imperceptibly -- nods. Finally, they move, closing the space between them, and kiss.







EXT. HOGWARTS - GROUNDS/VIADUCT - SAME TIME - NIGHT SIZZLING PLUMES strafe the night sky, raining down on the knights arrayed along the bridge and onto the castle itself.





EXT. COURTYARD - SAME TIME - NIGHT The PLUMES RICOCHET madly, shattering the tracery as the Knights struggle to defend the castle. McGonagall looks up: more PLUMES light up the sky, begin to plummet. Fall inside! inside! PROFESSOR McGONAGALL Everybody! Fall





EXT./INT. BATTLEMENTS - SAME TIME - NIGHT Windows shatter, pierced by PLUMES, which MATERIALIZE into DEATH EATERS. Instantly, students and staff engage the dark wizards, standing shoulder to shoulder as they defend the school against the onslaught. Fred and George fall in on either side of Arthur, wands BLAZING, while Lupin, Tonks and Shacklebolt battle only yards away, the fighting swift and lethal.





EXT. WOODEN BRIDGE - SAME TIME - NIGHT Nevilles eyes rake the fiery nightscape before him, then shift to the more immediate vicinity. He goes still. Scabior. The Snatchers. Are rising. Moving forward. Toward... him. NEVILLE Not good. Neville starts to back up slowly, then turns heel and pelts back up the bridge. Plumes rain down from the sky. Enemy spells skitter at Nevilles feet. He looks back, sees Scabior and the others closing like a herd of wildebeests. GINNY Ready!? NEVILLE Are you bloody joking?! She lifts her wand, ready to DETONATE the SPELLS, when Seamus pops up beside her, a rather maniacal gleam in his eye.






NEVILLE (to himself) Oh God -KA-BLAAAAAM! Neville sets off the charges. Instantly, one bridge section after another EXPLODES, rolling up like a carpet. Snatchers fall from sight, plummeting into the darkness. Neville looks over his shoulder, sees Scabior closing on him, then looks back towards Ginny, who stands frozen, wand raised, never fired, looking at... ... Seamus, his face blooming with fanatical ecstasy as he watches the charges detonate. As Seamus HOWLS with pleasure, Neville, WHEEZING PAINFULLY at this point, glances back and sees that Scabior has closed the distance, is coming fast when -- KA-BLAM! -- Scabior is catapulted into the air. Neville looks momentarily relieved, then realizes, to his evident dismay, that the bridge is falling away with increasing speed. Alarmed, Ginny looks to Seamus. SEAMUS Hes good... The remainders begin to discharge, tripping off like firecrackers, one section after another vanishing... SEAMUS Hes good... ... including the section under Nevilles feet... And he is gone. Ginny GASPS, hands to her face. The moment hangs. Seemingly forever. Then CHARRED FINGERNAILS appear over the final remaining section of the bridge, followed by Neville himself, teeth blackened, a patch of hair lost, scalp smoldering. NEVILLE (sarcastically) Well done, Seamus! SEAMUS (grinning) Told yeh Id bring er down. Seamus frowns.





As Neville glowers at him, Ginny reaches out, hoists him onto whats left of the bridge. Neville shakes some ASHES from his head and then... GRINS unexpectedly. GINNY What? NEVILLE That was kind of exciting. Seamus grins and winks knowingly. Mad. GINNY The both of you. Ginny shakes her head.

Just then, a thundering RUMBLE almost sends Neville tumbling off the bridge again. As Ginny steadies him, they all peer into the distance: GIANTS. NEVILLE Not good. 272 EXT. VIADUCT/ENTRANCE - SAME TIME - NIGHT Giants crash over the viaduct, laying waste to the Knights as more PLUMES rocket overhead. 273 EXT. COURTYARD/VIADUCT - SAME TIME - NIGHT Death Eaters run roughshod over the grounds. Giants step on anything in their path, including the occasional Death Eater, crushing skulls, snapping spines. In the midst of the mayhem, Draco appears, his face bearing the small gashes he suffered at Malfoy Manor. Slipping past the nastiest players in the fray, he enters the castle. 274 INT. DUNGEON CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT A grinning Filch regards the terrified run of Slytherin faces peering from within the dank cages before him. FILCH Night-tee night. PANSY PARKINSON You let us out of here, you filthy squib! Filch grins, shaking the ring of keys in his hand, then turns away.










We STAY WITH first -- the each step -Filch stops,

him as he walks away, then -- gently at chamber begins to TREMBLE, until -- with it shakes more and more VIOLENTLY. Finally, glancing apprehensively about when...

... KA-BOOM! Plaster RAINS DOWN and a RAGGED HOLE opens in the CEILING, followed by another and then another. A HUGE EYE peers down FROM ABOVE; a MASSIVE NOSE sniffs stupidly. Its... ... a GIANT. As the Slytherins scream, the giants FIST drops heavily through the hole, fingers probing the cell clumsily. As Filch watches in horror, the cell falls to pieces and the Slytherins spill forth. Goyle is ruthless, flinging Housemates aside while Blaise follows in his wake. As they reach the safety of the corridor, a hand -- this one of human scale -- reaches out of the darkness, grabs Goyle: Draco. 275 276 OMITTED INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - SAME TIME - NIGHT Harry, still feeling the effects of Voldemorts Shield shattering, stumbles forward as spells fly and bodies fall. Like a man possessed, he veers on, fighting his way toward the archway opposite when he sees a Death Eater drawing a bead on him. With nary a thought, Harry drops him with a Stunning Spell just as Ginny and Neville appear. Ginny! HARRY Neville! You alright? 275 276

NEVILLE Never better! Feel like I could spit fire! Havent seen Luna, have you? HARRY Luna -- ? NEVILLE Im mad for her! Think its about time I told her, seeing as theres a pretty good chance well both be dead by dawn!





Harry and Ginny watch him dash off, then turn quickly back to each other. Their eyes catch. An instant, a moment of meaning in the midst of madness. GINNY I know. Then she is off, running, gone. 277 INT. WOODEN CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) As Harry pelts down the corridor, an EXPLOSION DETONATES and the windows running the length of the corridor EXPLODE -- one after another -- showering Harry in glass. Then the wall itself falls away, rubble falling into the night and below. Harry never breaks stride. As the BILLOWING SMOKE thins, Malfoy appears, flanked by Blaise and Goyle. They follow. 278 INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) ... Ron and Hermione, flying out of the bathroom, still soaking wet. Taking the Marauders Map from the beaded purse, they look. It is SWARMING WITH DOTS. Bloody hell. on this. There he is. RON What? As Hermione points to Harrys name amidst the ant colony on the parchment, Ron -- unbeknownst to her -- regards her with naked appreciation. RON Brilliant. He vanished. HERMIONE Just now. I saw it. RON Well never find him HERMIONE 278 277

Ron glances at MAP -- then: RON He mustve gone into the Room of Requirement. It doesnt show on the map, remember? You said so last year.




HERMIONE (amazed he remembered) Thats right. I did. RON Lets go. As Ron dashes off, Hermione -- unbeknownst to him -regards him with naked appreciation, then follows. HERMIONE Brilliant. 279 280 OMITTED INT. DESTROYED WOODEN CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) Ron and Hermione race through the SHATTERED GLASS, the smoke thinner now. We TRACK them TO the end of the corridor and INTO another, where TAPESTRIES BURN and PORTRAITS hang askew. Suddenly, Hermione grabs Rons hand, gestures ahead, where Draco, Blaise and Goyle are slipping around a corner. Ron and Hermione follow. 281 INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE ROOM OF REQUIREMENT - NIGHT Draco stops, turns to face the wall and CLOSES HIS EYES. As the window behind EXPLODES, filling the corridor with SMOKE, Goyle and Blaise jump, but Draco never flinches. DRACO Take my hand. (as they hesitate) Now. 282 INT. CORRIDOR TO CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT Ron and Hermione creep carefully to the end of their corridor, peer slowly round the corner. THEIR POV - AN EMPTY CORRIDOR swirling with smoke. 282 281 279 280





INT. ROOM OF REQUIREMENT - NIGHT Harry continues on, almost running now, then WINCES, faltering as hes struck by a spike of PAIN, his fingers tracing his scar as he resumes his pace, knowing hes getting closer, feeling it, his head HUMMING with the Horcruxs sinister siren song, the sound growing LOUDER and LOUDER as he turns down yet another aisle and... Stops. A vein THROBS VISIBLY at Harrys temple. Hand trembling, he reaches out, pushes aside a STACK OF DECAYING SPELLBOOKS and finds a PAIR OF EYES looking at him over the rim of a DUSTY CANISTER. He pushes the canister aside and reveals a POCKMARKED STONE BUST of a WARLOCK with GLASS EYES. Perched atop its head, dulled by time, is ROWENA RAVENCLAWS DIADEM. He reaches out... DRACO Well, well, what brings you here, Potter? Harry looks slowly over his shoulder. Draco -- Blaise and Goyle at his side -- steps INTO VIEW, his face bisected by light. He holds a wand on Harry. HARRY I could ask you the same. DRACO I virtually lived here last year. Remember? HARRY I remember. DRACO You have something of mine. like it back. Id



Draco gestures to the wand sticking out of Harrys pocket. HARRY Whats wrong with the one you have? DRACO (studying it) Its my mothers. Its very powerful, but its not the same. It doesnt... understand me. (looking up) Know what I mean?

Just then, over Dracos shoulder and several yards beyond, a SHADOW FLICKERS (Ron). Harry looks down, notices a DROP of WATER fall from the PANT CUFF, cuts his eyes away. He reaches for the wand in his pocket. DRACO Easy. Harry looks up, sees Draco watching him closely. studies Dracos face. HARRY Why didnt you tell her? Draco doesnt respond. HARRY Bellatrix. You knew it was me. But you didnt say anything. Blaise and Goyle, confused by this, regard Draco dimly from either side. Draco fidgets, his hand twitching on the wand. DRACO Give me my wand. Harry continues to study Dracos face. No. HARRY I dont think so... He

With blithe disregard, Harry removes the wand in his own pocket, ponders it. HARRY Besides, its allegiance is to me now. If you want it, youll have to win it back. Perhaps even kill me... Harry looks up. He and Draco lock eyes. GOYLE Dont be a prat.

Cmon, Draco. Just do im.

Dracos hand twitches, his brow conflicted, then his eyes shift -- catch sight of Hermione, in SILHOUETTE, far beyond Harrys shoulder, her wand pointed... at him. He blinks, as if she were a mirage... then... a BALL of SCARLET LIGHT bursts from her wand, briefly illuminating her face, and strikes his hand. As his wand flies free, Goyle steps into the breach and fires back at Hermione.




CONTINUED: (2)

GOYLE Avada Kedavra! The spell caroms off the stone bust instead, sending the diadem spinning into the air. Ron fires a flurry of spells at Goyle, but he manages to elude them all by crashing through the wall of junk. As it TEETERS, Ron pelts through the hole made by Goyle and gives chase. Ting! Harry looks up, sees the diadem bounce off the top of a BIRDCAGE, skitter along the top of the highest shelf and bounce... out of sight. Gone. Turning back, he finds Blaise taking aim at him. HARRY Expelliarmus! Blaises wand flies free and he scarpers. An instant later, Hermione steps INTO VIEW. A MASSIVE GROAN echoes and the walls of towering junk SHUDDER. Harry looks up. Hermione looks up. Then at each other. The sky is falling. NEW ANGLE - HIGH One after another, the towering walls spill like dominos. NEW ANGLE - GROUND LEVEL Harry and Hermione run side by side as the world comes crashing down. HERMIONE Did you see where it went? diadem! Its gone! HARRY Well never -The

Ting! Ting! Ting! The diadem drops from the sky and hops, skips and jumps down the aisle in front of them. Harry and Hermione exchange a glance and pelt after it. Harry nearly has it in grasp when a small AVALANCHE of MOLDY BOOKS bars his path. Hermione leaps over the books, reaches out and... grabs it. Harry comes panting up. HARRY Well done. Lets find Ron and get out of here. Harry wheels, sees Ron running towards them chased by a RIVER of SCARLET FLAMES.




CONTINUED: (3)

RON RUN! Goyles set the bloody place on fire! As one, the trio dashes through the remaining aisles as the towers of junk turn to ash all around them. The flames draw closer, mutating into a pack of fiery beasts: SERPENTS, CHIMAERAS, DRAGONS -- all nipping at their heels. No matter which way they turn, the flames follow them. HARRY Split up! Each goes a separate way, but its no use. The fire simply divides, the serpent slithering after Harry, the chimaera after Hermione, the dragon after Ron. Harry glances up, sees Malfoy and Blaise scaling a mountain of burning junk, doomed. He takes one turn after another until he comes to a clearing and nearly runs into... Ron and Hermione as they arrive from separate paths. They glance around frantically. No free path exists. The flames ROAR, racing toward them. HERMIONE Do we climb! HARRY No, itll just follow us! Harry glances around once more and sees them: HALF A DOZEN ANCIENT BROOMSTICKS. Here! HARRY Take one!

He tosses Ron and Hermione broomsticks then takes one for himself. As Hermione slips the diadem atop her head, the flames EXPLODE into the clearing, ENGULFING them as they... ... SOAR FREE, just barely eluding the snap of the dragons fiery jaws. As they race away, a HORRIBLE SCREAM pierces the clamor and they all look below, see the flames devour Goyle. RON Serves him right. Cmon! HERMIONE This way!





CONTINUED: (4)

HARRY Wait! What about Malfoy and Blaise! RON (to Hermioine) Hes joking, right? Then Harry sees them, perched atop a fragile, crumbling tower. Harry whips his broom around and jets forth. Ron shakes his head, then jets after, BELLOWING: RON IF WE DIE FOR THEM, ILL KILL YOU, HARRY! Harry sweeps down, grips Malfoys hand while Ron takes Blaises. The instant Dracos foot leaves the mountain of junk, it collapses into a great billowing cloud of ash, mushrooming upward and blinding Harry and Ron. Unable to get their bearings, they swerve dangerously, squinting and choking when... ... a GIANT BEAM of LIGHT shimmers in the distance, like a beacon. Its Hermione, hovering on her broom, wand raised. RON Brilliant. Harry turns, catches Ron marveling Hermione. Ron turns, sees Harry looking at him. Then, as one, they fly pellmell toward Hermiones beacon. As they draw close the light burns so bright all goes white and they burst... 283 284 OMITTED INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT ... through the wall, tumbling into the corridor. Malfoy lands face down, retching. As Hermione rolls over, the diadem SPINS MADLY on the ground. Harry snatches it quickly, as if it might run away and Hermione tosses him the basilisk fang. He stares down at the smoking diadem and briefly pauses, reading the words etched there: Wit Beyond Measure Is Mans Greatest Treasure. Then, without hesitation, he drives the fang into the blackened crown and... 283 284





EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... Voldemort freezes, BELLOWING in PAIN as his eyes burn RED and he GLARES toward the castle in the distance, where...





INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... Harry GRIMACES IN AGONY and ROARS with PAIN, the veins at his TEMPLE THROBBING, his KNUCKLES BURNING WHITE as he grips the basilisk fang. FISSURES SURFACE IN HIS FINGERNAILS and...





EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... Voldemorts pale hand grips the Elder Wand so fiercely hairline cracks craze the wands veneer. Voldemorts stricken face wheels toward the black sky above, eyes scanning the dull stars with despair as he RELEASES a MOURNFUL SHRIEK and...





INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... the fang CRUMBLES in Harrys fist and Harry, staring toward the ceiling, GASPS DESPERATELY, purging himself of the pain. He looks down, regarding the diadem with a kind of mournful horror, then Ron kicks it back into the Room of Requirement, where it EXPLODES in a VORTEX of FLAMES and the Room re-seals itself as...





EXT. HOGWARTS ROCK - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... Voldemorts eyes glitter with madness, his gaze lost, adrift in the dark constellations above. When he speaks, finally, his VOICE is HOARSE, oddly TENDER: VOLDEMORT Nagini. Come. Voldemort begins to slip away, BLASTING anyone who stands in his way. Pius Thicknesse comes INTO VIEW. His eyes widen. Voldemort raises his wand and, with callous disregard, executes him as well. As those ahead part for him and Nagini, we return to...





INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... Draco, staring fearfully at Harry. up and off. Blaise scrambles







Draco lingers briefly, then finally rises and follows, but as he reaches the end of the corridor, he looks back. He begins to say something, then continues on. RON Youre bloody well welcome! (looking away) Prat. Ron looks back, to Hermione, and follows her gaze to Harry, who stares into the distance, his face still bearing traces of the agony hes just endured. HARRY Ron, you once asked me if I thought he felt it -- Voldemort -when we destroy a Horcrux, when we destroy a piece of his soul. Ron and Hermione wait. HARRY He does. Harry looks up then, meets their eyes: HARRY Its the snake. Shes the last one. The last Horcrux. RON Where will he take her? HERMIONE Someplace safe. No. HARRY Hell keep her close.

As Harry wipes his brow, grazing his scar, trying to dispel the pain he feels -- Ron studies him intently. RON Look inside him, Harry. Hermione turns, looks at Ron. Then Harry does as well.

RON Find out where he is. If we find him, we find the snake. Then were one step closer to ending this. Hermione studies Harry and Ron as they stare silently at one another. Finally, Harry closes his eyes.




For a moment: nothing. Then: his eyelids dance with movement, his scar SPASMS. He winces. Finds himself... 291-294 OMITTED 295 EXT. SCOTTISH LANDSCAPE - FLYING - SAME TIME - NIGHT ... soaring over dark fields, past unspeakable devastation. The Quidditch Pitch rolls INTO VIEW, ABLAZE... 296 INT. BOAT HOUSE - SAME TIME - NIGHT A CLOAKED FIGURE (Voldemort) sweeps eerily forward, Nagini slithering at his feet. A FIGURE (Lucius Malfoy) looks up... 297 INT. BOAT HOUSE - SAME TIME - NIGHT The walls shimmer oddly, reflecting the waters surface. Here, the assault on Hogwarts is muted, distant. A haggard LUCIUS MALFOY nervously eyes Nagini while Voldemort paces with a strange energy, glancing at the wand in his fingers -- the Elder Wand -- then to the lake itself, where a reflected Hogwarts burns in a beautiful blur. Suddenly, his eyes shift to Lucius. VOLDEMORT Stop looking at her. She smells your fear. It agitates her. Be grateful shes just eaten. Lucius glances nervously to the weathered floor, to the BLOOD smeared there. He closes his eyes to blot out the image when an EXPLOSION detonates in the distance. He jumps. LUCIUS MALFOY Forgive me, my Lord, but wouldnt it be more prudent to call off this battle and seek the boy yourself? VOLDEMORT I do not need to seek the boy! Before the night is out, he will come to me! Do you understand! LUCIUS MALFOY Of c-course, my Lord.

Lucius trembles, staring into Voldemorts scarlet eyes. Voldemort steps forward, voice more measured. VOLDEMORT How do you live with yourself, Lucius? (eyeing him with disgust) Go. Find Severus. Tell him I need to see him immediately. Lucius rises quickly, exits. Voldemort fixes his eyes on the wand once again. The snake HISSES. 298 INT. CORRIDOR (OUTSIDE ROR) - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT Harry TWITCHES. His eyes flutter open. The sounds of battle no longer distant. Hermione and Ron wait expectantly. Harry nods. HARRY I know where he is. 299 EXT. AERIAL SHOT - EPIC VIEW OF HOGWARTS - NIGHT The battle rages on. INTO the... 300 Hogwarts in flames. We DESCEND 299 298

EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) ... courtyard, where students and staff trade spells with Death Eaters, among them PADMA PATIL; Neville and Seamus; Sprout, and Kingsley. From an upper balcony, PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY raises her wand, draws a bead on a Death Eater and with a forceful flick, sends him flying through the air. Seamus regards her with amazement. TRELAWNEY Theres more to me than incense and tea leaves, Mr. Finnegan. Dean trades spells with a Death Eater, while Luna STUNS a QUARTET of Death Eaters -- one-two-three -- and watches the fourth fall before she can fire. She turns, sees Neville standing behind her, wand smoking. LUNA Thanks. NEVILLE Dont mention it.






As the trio pelts through the madness, Hermione GASPS, catching sight of LAVENDER BROWN as she falls to the ground. Hermiones eyes shift, spy FENRIR GREYBACK, lips still glistening with Lavenders blood, staring at her. He smiles, starts forward... HERMIONE NO! Hermiones wand flashes. A DEAFENING BLAST. Greyback takes it straight to the chest, pitches up into the air and drops. Unmoving. The trio races away from the burning castle. In the distance part of the Dark Forest BURNS, trees shedding SPARKS into the sky like scarlet feathers. SHADOWS do battle in the distant dark. SCREAMS shatter the night. A THUNDEROUS SHOCK WAVE as a MONSTROUS GIANT lurches INTO VIEW, swinging one of the QUIDDITCH GOALS, the golden ring dripping BLOOD. Seeing the trio, it whips the ring down, strafing them with threads of blood, but missing them, narrowly, scooping out a massive CHUNK of earth instead. It GROANS in anger, lumbers stupidly off. The trio races on. 301-303 OMITTED 303A EXT. STEPS/CLIFF/BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) The trio race down the steps toward the Boat House. 304 INT. BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT Harry, Ron and Hermione pick their way forward, moving quietly through the eerie light, then stopping within the safety of the shadows. They watch: Voldemort steps INTO VIEW and extends the wand. mercurial light, it looks like a living thing. VOLDEMORT Why doesnt it work for me? SNAPE You have performed extraordinary magic with this wand, my Lord. In the last few hours alone -VOLDEMORT No! I am extraordinary! wand resists me! But the

In the



Snape studies Voldemort in the half-light, then his eyes shift to Nagini, who skims slowly over the wooden floor, circling the two wizards. SNAPE There is no wand more powerful. Ollivander himself said it. Tonight, when the boy comes to you, it will not fail you, I am sure. It answers to you and you only. VOLDEMORT Does it? Voldemort holds the wand to the wavering light again, his eyes on Snape. SNAPE My Lord? The wand. me? VOLDEMORT Does it truly answer to

Snape says nothing. For a moment, he and Voldemort stand perfectly still, two faces in the darkness, the only sound the lapping of the lake. Harry studies Snapes face -- calm, composed -- then notes the hand concealed behind his back, twitching with tension. VOLDEMORT Youre a clever man, Severus. Surely you must know. Snape remains silent. His gaze shifts to Nagini, still skimming slowly over the floor. VOLDEMORT Where, Severus? Where does its loyalty lie? Snape looks away from Nagini, sees Voldemort staring at him. SNAPE With you, of course, my Lord. Voldemort stares long at Snape, then, finally speaks: VOLDEMORT The Elder Wand cannot serve me properly, Severus, because I am not its true master. (MORE)




Snape stares at Voldemort, then his eyes shift to Nagini, still circling. SNAPE My Lord -VOLDEMORT You have been a good and faithful servant, Severus. Voldemort raises the wand, points it at Snapes throat. VOLDEMORT But only I can live forever... Voldemort sweeps his arm away, turning the wand on Nagini. VOLDEMORT Kill. Snapes eyes shift... meet the snakes. The snake strikes. Harrys SCREAM is swallowed by Snapes own. Voldemort runs a finger along the wand, eyeing it with wonder, transfixed, then turns away. VOLDEMORT Nagini! Come! He sweeps from the room, toward the lakes quivering darkness, the giant snake slithering after. 305 INT. BOAT HOUSE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT Harry rushes forward, into the strange, wavering light, then stops in horror, watching Snapes blood run like syrup over the weathered boards toward him. Ron bumps past, heading in the direction Voldemort took. Hermione pauses by Harry. Harry kneels by Snape. He lays his fingers upon the bloody wound at his neck, but its no use. Snapes eyes shift and, briefly, look deep into Harrys. And then he begins to... Cry.






SNAPE Take them... Harry looks confused, hesitant. SNAPE Take them! Snapes face SHUDDERS softly and his tears TRANSFORM, from clear water to SILVERY BLUE. Harry reacts to the color. Hes seen it before... Suddenly Snape grabs his collar, pulls him close. SNAPE Please. Snape holds Harry captive briefly, then drops back to the floor. Harry blinks, shaken. HARRY Give me something! Quickly! flask! Anything. A

Instantly, Hermione CONJURES a flask from thin air. Hands trembling, Harry presses it to Snapes ashen cheek, letting the fluid flow within. SNAPE They are the same... Harry searches Snapes face, trying to decipher his words. Snape stares at Harry in wonder, lost in his eyes, then his pupils dilate, his voice trailing off. SNAPE You have your mothers eyes... Snapes face goes slack. Hes gone. Harry shivers. Ron reappears.

RON The snake too.

Just then the sound of THUNDER, like a GATHERING STORM, engulfs them. The joists of the shack GROAN, as if in agony. The entire room begins to tremble. Ron yanks a board from the window and the trio peers out. As in the Enchanted Ceiling before, a face appears in the dark clouds above. And then VOLDEMORTS VOICE ECHOES: VOLDEMORT (V.O.) You have fought valiantly... but in vain. I do not wish this. Every drop of magical blood spilled is a terrible waste. (MORE)





The joist trembles one last time, then the ambient sounds of the night return. The clouds separate, become just clouds. Ron YELLS: Never! RON Do you hear me! NEVER!

Hermione places her hand on the nape of his neck, glances at Harry. He gazes down at Snapes still body one last time, then at the FLASK in his hand. 306 EXT. HOGWARTS - GROUNDS - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) SMOKE drifts from the battered castle. 307 EXT. COURTYARD - SAME TIME - NIGHT Deserted. The flagstone stained with blood, strewn with broken wands. The trio stands looking. HERMIONE Where is everyone? 308 INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) TRACKING BEHIND the trio. Ron walks ahead, toward the Great Hall. Puts his hands to the doors... pushes them open. 308 307 306





INT. GREAT HALL - REVERSE ON TRIO - CONTINUOUS ACTION NIGHT ... poised on the threshold, looking in. THEIR POV Triage. The House tables have been pushed to the walls. The injured stand in groups, arms slung over one another, waiting to be treated by MADAM POMFREY. Filchs arm gushes blood. Flitwicks face is laced with GASHES. Harry stands in the doorway, taking it all in, as if some invisible force prevents him from going further, his face a mask as he views the DEAD laid out in the middle of the Hall, among them Remus and Tonks, their blood-stained fingers clumsily intertwined. A heartbreaking SOB draws his gaze to George, who kneels over a familiar body, tears dripping from his eyes. Beside Harry, he hears a GASP -- Hermione -- but he doesnt turn, his eyes instead lost on Ginny, puffy-eyed and pale, standing alongside a distraught Arthur and Molly. Ron comes INTO VIEW then, having left Harry in the entryway to join his family. As he drapes his arm over George, drawing his brother into a limp embrace, the lifeless body comes INTO VIEW: Fred. Hermione glances back at Harry briefly before joining the Weasleys. Seeing her, Ginny begins to cry, burying her face in Hermiones shoulder. Gently, slowly, Hermione strokes Ginnys copper hair, over and over, murmuring something softly. For a moment, Harry stands, hung in the doorway, then the Great Hall seems to fly away from him, to grow smaller, to shrink as he reels backward, stumbling away...

OMITTED INT. HEADMASTERS OFFICE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) Harry flings open the cabinet, snatches the PENSIEVE and slams it onto Dumbledores old desk. He pries the cork from the flask with his teeth, tips the silvery-blue liquid into the basin. As the Pensieve swirls, Harry looks up, at the PORTRAITS of PAST HEADMASTERS hanging above. All the frames are empty. Harry frowns, disturbed by this, but looks away and PLUNGES his FACE into the basin, falling into...

EXT. GODRICS HOLLOW - NIGHT (YEARS PAST) ... DARKNESS. A JERKY POV, MOVING TOWARD the DARK VILLAGE in the distance. FRANTIC BREATHING. We stop. Still. A BABYS CRY separates briefly from the breeze. We CIRCLE ABOUT, leaving the POV, and LOCATE a FACE HOVERING in the darkness. It is Snape, chest rising and falling. Stricken. Concerned. We GO TO BLACK... SNAPE (O.S.) Lily... Then... Lily! FADE IN: PETUNIA EVANS (O.S.) Come out of there! Now!





EXT. WEEDY FIELD - DAY LILY EVANS emerges from some brush, a FLOWER upon her palm, opening and closing its petals like some bizarre oyster. Her sister PETUNIA stares, then KNOCKS the flower away. PETUNIA EVANS Were going home. Petunia takes Lilys arm, turns -- and stops. A SKINNY BOY (YOUNG SNAPE) sits beneath a tree, watching them. Without a word, he opens his hand and a LEAF FLUTTERS from his palm like a butterfly, circling Lily once, then drifting up and away. Lily smiles, charmed. Petunia eyes the boy fearfully, then pulls Lily away. The boy watches them go. As Lily glances back... We GO TO BLACK... FADE IN:





EXT. POTTER HOUSE - GODRICS HOLLOW - NIGHT (YEARS PAST) Snape moves He eyes the peers up to again. His inside. through a dark garden, his face like stone. door ahead, hanging from its hinges. He the WINDOW above. The babys CRY rises eyes glitter. He moves on, disappears







EXT. RIVER (SPINNERS END) - DAY Lily and the boy lie together, staring up at the sky. YOUNG SNAPE Shes jealous. Because shes ordinary and youre special. LILY EVANS Thats mean. Its true. YOUNG SNAPE You know so yourself.



Snape turns his head, notes the frown knitted across Lilys brow. He peers back up, staring hard at the tree limb above. The leaves begin to TREMBLE, then BURST FREE, fluttering like a cloud of butterflies. Lily watches impassively and then -- slowly -- smiles, shifting her gaze to another branch. Seconds later, those leaves burst free and the two fluttering veils pass back and forth high overhead, merging briefly, then separating, again and again. Lily LAUGHS -- a beautiful sound -- and the HISS of a TRAIN ENGINE is heard. The leaves turning, we -DISSOLVE TO: 316 EXT. PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS - MORNING ... SMOKE, drifting from the Hogwarts Express. 317 INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - COMPARTMENT - MORNING The boy peers out the window, watching Lily and Petunia on the platform ARGUING, their VOICES MUTED. Finally, Lily turns, dashing for the train in tears. The boy straightens up, running the flat of his hand over his lank hair. Moments later... Lily comes up the aisle, eyes stinging. She stops, seeing him. They stare at one another and then, finally, she steps inside the compartment, and sits down. The boy reaches over, pulls down the blind, WIPING the SCREEN and... 318 INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT ... we emerge from the darkness of the SORTING HAT, sitting upon a stool in the candlelit Hall, House tables aglow with a sea of rapt faces.










Two boys -- SIRIUS BLACK and JAMES POTTER -- sit together at the Gryffindor table, watching as... A YOUNGER McGONAGALL sweeps the hat from the stool and calls out a name. James Potter watches Lily smile nervously at the boy next to her (Snape), then rise and make her way to the top of the Hall. As McGonagall lowers the hat over Lilys brow, James watches intently, waiting. Finally, McGonagall speaks and all those around James CHEER. He merely smiles, watching Lily approach. He gives Sirius a nudge, to move over, making a space for Lily. As she takes her seat, she glances across the hall to the boy, who watches impassively as James reaches out his hand to introduce himself to Lily. We GO TO BLACK... FADE IN: 319 INT. POTTER HOUSE - STAIRCASE - NIGHT (YEARS PAST) Snape mounts the stairs, to the landing above and As his eyes become level WAND lying there. As he sees JAMES POTTER -- the of the hallway. 320 EXT. COURTYARD - DAY SNOWFLAKES FALL LIKE BUTTERFLIES. Lily walks, hugging her books, as the boy harangues her. He looks driven by desperation and perhaps because of it, says something too sharp. She looks up at him, eyes stinging with tears, then turns away. The boy starts to call after her, regret in his eyes, then sees James waiting on the other side of the courtyard. As she reaches him, they turn and together exit the courtyard. The boy turns away, his own eyes stinging with tears, then closes his eyes and all goes... 321 EXT. HILLTOP - NIGHT ... BLACK... dotted by stars. A windswept hilltop comes INTO VIEW, desolate but for a few LEAFLESS TREES. The adult Snape turns on the spot, breathing heavily, his expression haunted and cheerless as his gaze sweeps the darkness. The WIND RISES suddenly and a JAGGED JET of WHITE LIGHT stitches the night, sending Snapes wand flying and dropping him to his knees.




peering upward in the darkness the open bedroom door beyond. with the next floor, he sees a reaches the top and turns, he man -- lying dead in the middle







No!

SNAPE Dont kill me!

A SNAPPING of ROBES precedes Dumbledore as he APPARATES INTO VIEW. DUMBLEDORE That wasnt my intention. Snape stares fearfully at him. DUMBLEDORE Stand up, Severus. I havent much time. What message do you bring from Lord Voldemort this time? SNAPE (rising) None. I come on my own account. I come with a... request. Dumbledores eyes flicker briefly with interest. studies Snapes fearful face. DUMBLEDORE Is this about the Prophecy? SNAPE Yes. DUMBLEDORE How much did you relay? SNAPE Only what I heard. But now... he thinks it refers to her. DUMBLEDORE The Prophecy did not refer to a woman. It spoke of a boy born at the end of July -SNAPE Yes! But he thinks its her son! He intends to hunt them down now! To kill them! Dumbledore eyes Snape craftily. DUMBLEDORE If she means so much to you, surely Lord Voldemort would spare her in exchange for the boy. He





SNAPE I have asked. DUMBLEDORE You disgust me. You would sacrifice the life of an innocent child over a schoolboy crush? SNAPE Shes more than that! Shes different! Beautiful. Kind. (looking away) Hide them all. I beg you. DUMBLEDORE And should I do so, what will you give me in return, Severus? SNAPE Anything. The wind rises again, the TREES TREMBLING and... 322 INT. HEADMASTERS OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON ... Snapes FIST STRIKES Dumbledores desk, upsetting a tiny TIN METRONOME. SNAPE You said you would keep her safe! DUMBLEDORE Lily and James put their faith in the wrong person. Rather like you, Severus. Snape reels, staring miserably at the SLATE SKY beyond the windows. Dumbledore studies him cunningly. DUMBLEDORE The boy survives. Snapes eyes shift. Regard Dumbledore. 322

DUMBLEDORE He has her eyes. SNAPE DONT! DUMBLEDORE If you loved Lily Evans, Severus. If you truly loved her. Then your way is clear.




SNAPE He doesnt need protection. Dark Lord has gone --

The

DUMBLEDORE The Dark Lord will return. And the boy will be in terrible danger when he does. Snape stares once more at the sky beyond. SNAPE No one can know. Your word. DUMBLEDORE My word that I shall never reveal the best of you, Severus? If you insist. Snape continues to stare at the sky. FILLS the SCREEN and we TILT DOWN... 323 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY ... TO Snape and Dumbledore walking. SNAPE He exhibits no measurable talent. His arrogance rivals even his fathers. And he seems to relish his fame. DUMBLEDORE Sometimes we see what we expect to see, Severus. Other teachers indicate the boy is modest, likeable and while no prodigy, possesses above-average gifts. Personally, I find him rather engaging. SNAPE You see what you want to see. Severus walks on. Dumbledore smiles with amusement. We DRIFT TO it. It Then, softly:



DUMBLEDORE Perhaps. Oh. Severus. (as he stops) Keep an eye on Professor Quirrell, wont you?





INT. HEADMASTERS OFFICE - NIGHT A FEVERISH, SEMICONSCIOUS Dumbledore raises his left hand and tips a GOBLET of GOLDEN POTION over his lips while Snape ministers to his right hand, which is BLACKENED. A RING lies upon the desk before them. SNAPE Why did you put it on? Surely you realized it carried a curse. DUMBLEDORE I was... foolish... greedy... SNAPE Drink the rest. It will contain the curse to the hand for the time being. Dumbledores eyes open, examine his damaged fingers. DUMBLEDORE For the time being? SNAPE It will spread. DUMBLEDORE How long? SNAPE Maybe a year. Dumbledore nods, smiles. DUMBLEDORE Well, this makes matters much more straightforward. Snape studies Dumbledore briefly, looks away. DUMBLEDORE Do not ignore me, Severus. Was it not you who told me of Lord Voldemorts plan to have the Malfoy boy murder me? SNAPE It is not expected that he will succeed. DUMBLEDORE But should he fail, one would presume the Dark Lord will turn to... you.






Snape does not respond. DUMBLEDORE You must agree. Snape stares in horror at Dumbledore. Dumbledore nods.

DUMBLEDORE Yes. You must be the one to kill me, Severus. It is the only way. Only then will the Dark Lord trust you completely. SNAPE You ask too much. DUMBLEDORE (thundering) Too much! Nothing I could ask is too much. You know what is at stake! You more than anyone! Snape says nothing. studies his hand. Dumbledore sits back, painfully

DUMBLEDORE There will come a time when Harry Potter must be told something. But you must wait until Voldemort is at his most vulnerable. SNAPE Tell him what? DUMBLEDORE On the night Lord Voldemort went to Godrics Hollow to kill Harry, and Lily Potter cast herself between them, the curse rebounded. When that happened, a part of Lord Voldemorts soul latched itself onto the only living thing it could find: Harry himself. Snape stares in disbelief. Dumbledore nods.

DUMBLEDORE Theres a reason Harry can speak with snakes. Theres a reason he can look into Lord Voldemorts mind. A part of Lord Voldemort lives inside him.





SNAPE So when the time comes, the boy must die. DUMBLEDORE Yes. And Voldemort himself must do it. That is essential. Snape nods, pondering all of this. His voice is bitter.

SNAPE Youve kept him alive so that he can die at the proper moment. Youve been raising him like a pig for slaughter. DUMBLEDORE But this is touching, Severus. Dont tell me youve grown to care for the boy? Snape eyes Dumbledore fiercely, then: SNAPE Expecto Patronum! A blast of LIGHT bursts from his wand, soars out the window: a SILVER DOE. Lily. DUMBLEDORE After all this time? SNAPE Always... We GO TO BLACK... FADE IN: 325 INT. PORTER HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT (YEARS PAST) In the f.g., a BABY FIDGETS in its crib. We see Snape enter the room, glance at the baby, then down toward the floor. He stands, utterly still... then his face creases with pain. Lily lies in profile, eyes open but empty, staring toward the ceiling. Her chest is still. Snape leans down and, cradling her, begins to weep... DUMBLEDORE (V.O.) The irony of course, Severus, is that -- in the end -- you and the boy desire the same thing... 325





INT. HEADMASTERS OFFICE - NIGHT Harry emerges, dripping, from the Pensieve and stares at his REFLECTION in the window opposite, watching as the liquid runs like tears from his face, then evaporates. Gently, he touches the center of his chest.

OMITTED INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) The castle is eerily quiet as Harry walks, the PORTRAITS he passes EMPTY. As he reaches the end of the corridor, he turns and stops. In the SHADOWS of an ALCOVE, Hermione murmurs to Ron, their faces close. For a long moment, Harry simply watches them. Then, as if sensing his presence, Hermione turns. Instantly, she runs to him. Ron follows. HERMIONE Whereve you been? RON We thought youd gone to the forest, we thought you might be -HARRY Im going there now. Are you mad! RON No!

HARRY Its... meant to be. RON Rubbish! You cant just give yourself up to him -Hermione squeezes Rons arm, silencing him. HERMIONE What is it, Harry? What is it you know? Ron studies her face, then looks back to Harry. HARRY Theres a reason I can... hear them -- the Horcruxes.





Hermione begins to shake her head, not wanting to believe. Harry simply nods, touches the center of his chest. HARRY I think Ive known for awhile. (studying her) I think youve known too. Hermione stands still, miserable. HERMIONE Ill go with you. Ill -She falters hopelessly as a single tear traces her cheek. Harry reaches out, wipes it away. HARRY Kill the snake. Kill the snake and then its just him. Then it will be over. He turns then, leaving them. Ron and Hermione stand silently, watching every step he takes until he reaches the end... and is gone. 329 INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) As Harry descends, Neville and Oliver Wood appear in the Entrance Hall far below, carrying the body of a smallish boy: Nigel. OLIVER WOOD Ill take him from here. Oliver throws Nigel over his shoulder, enters the Great Hall. Neville watches them go, looking, for a moment, very old. Then, wearily, he turns, heading back outside. 330 EXT. HOGWARTS - GROUNDS - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) In the distance, SHADOWS collect the dead, too occupied with their grim task to notice Harry. He stares straight ahead, just walking, until a VOICE tugs his ear: GINNY Its all right. Were going to get you inside. Ginny crouches over the tiny Ravenclaw girl, who is CRYING. 330 329





YOUNG GIRL I kept calling. No one came. Dont worry. I promise. GINNY I wont leave you.

Ginny strokes the sobbing girls hair, her own face haunted by sorrow. Harry studies her, moved, then continues on. A moment later, Ginny turns, looks to the place where he was standing... but finds only darkness. 331 EXT. FORBIDDEN FOREST - NIGHT Harry reaches the Forests edge. Within, further on, he can see Dementors drifting within the trees. Harry starts to enter, then pauses, reaches into his pocket and removes the Snitch. Eyes the words etched upon it: I open at the close. Harry frowns, then closes his eyes, brings the metal orb to his lips. His fingers tremble, then lowers his hand, watching as the metal shell FALLS AWAY to reveal... the RESURRECTION STONE. A JAGGED CRACK runs down its center, along the line representing the Elder Wand. The TRIANGLE and CIRCLE, representing the Cloak and Stone, are faintly visible. Harry stares at it, then closes his eyes and begins to roll the Stone over in his hand. HARRY (murmuring) Once. Twice. Thrice... Harry stands for a moment and then, slowly, opens his eyes. Reacts. FOUR PEOPLE stand within the Forest: JAMES POTTER, SIRIUS BLACK, REMUS LUPIN and LILY POTTER. Lily eyes him lovingly and beckons him forth. As if in a dream, Harry drifts through the trees, stops before her. LILY POTTER Youve been so brave, sweetheart. HARRY Why are you here? All of you? LILY POTTER We never left, dear. Does it hurt? HARRY Dying? 331

SIRIUS BLACK Quicker than falling asleep.




LUPIN And he will want it to be quick. JAMES POTTER Youre nearly there, son. HARRY Im sorry. I didnt want any of you to die for me. And Remus, your son... LUPIN Others will tell him what his mother and father died for. Someday hell understand... A CHILL BREEZE shakes the trees. HARRY Youll stay with me? JAMES POTTER Until the end. HARRY He wont be able to see you? Sirius shakes his head, gestures to Harrys heart. No. SIRIUS BLACK Were here, you see. Harry looks ahead.

Harry turns to his mother. HARRY Stay close to me. LILY POTTER Always... Harry glances back, toward the Forests Edge, takes a last look at the castle in the distance, then sets off. Dozens of DEMENTORS drift amongst the smoking trees, but his guides insulate him, and they merely peel away. Harry walks on, his legs driving him, until LIGHT splinters the trees ahead, and a CLEARING comes INTO VIEW. 332 EXT. FORBIDDEN FOREST - CLEARING - NIGHT A FIRE burns, its light flickering over the throng of DEATH EATERS present. Lucius and NARCISSA MALFOY, weary with fear, sit apart. BELLATRIX paces in and out of the shadows, MUTTERING madly.






And then there is Voldemort, who stands with his head bowed, his skeletal hands folded over the Elder Wand. Nagini lays in a heavy coil at his feet. Yaxley enters the clearing. YAXLEY No sign of him, my Lord. Voldemort nods, unmoving. VOLDEMORT I thought he would come. it seems... mistaken. HARRY You werent. All eyes shift to Harry, standing at the clearings edge. He lets the Resurrection Stone tumble from his fingers and James, Sirius, Lupin and, lastly, Lily -- all vanish. Harry steps into the firelight. HARRY! ERE! NO! HAGRID WHATRE YEH DOIN I was,

HAGRID is trussed to a tree. The branches shake violently as he tries to break free. YAXLEY Quiet! He flicks his wand and Hagrid slumps, goes silent. A CACKLING LAUGH rises on the air and Harry turns, sees Bellatrix glancing eagerly from Harry to Voldemort. Voldemort takes a step forward and the flickering flames wash over his pale skin. He tilts his head to the side. A smile curls on his mouth. Harry Potter. Come to die. VOLDEMORT The Boy Who Lived.

Nagini HISSES behind her protective guard of Death Eaters. Harrys gaze shifts to her when Voldemort raises his wand. Scarlet flickers in his eyes. Then a BOLT of GREEN LIGHT shatters the night and all is... 333 INT. KINGS CROSS - DAY Gone.






All but a BRIGHT WHITE MIST. Harry lies face down. For a long moment. Finally, he stirs, sits up. Touches his face. His glasses are gone. He peers into the mist. Nothing. But somewhere, out there, in the mist, is a SOFT THUMPING. He stands. Peers up. A DOMED GLASS ROOF hovers -familiar. The THUMPING persists. Unnerving. Harry squints into the mist. Moving, the THUMPING MASS quivers. Harry small naked child -skin raw and rough. growing LOUDER. Up ahead, a SMALL slows... recoils. A thing -- like a lies SHUDDERING on the ground, its Harry leans close...

DUMBLEDORE You cannot help. Harry spins, finds Dumbledore standing within the mist. At the sight of Harry, Dumbledore beams and spreads his arms wide. His hand is whole, no longer damaged. DUMBLEDORE Harry. You wonderful boy. You brave, brave man. Let us walk. NEW ANGLE - HARRY AND DUMBLEDORE Walking. HARRY Sir, this, is this... I mean, forgive me, but you are dead, arent you, sir? DUMBLEDORE Oh, yes. HARRY Then... Im dead too? Ah. it? Not? DUMBLEDORE Not. DUMBLEDORE That is the question, isnt On the whole I think not. HARRY





HARRY But I didnt defend myself. him kill me.

I let

DUMBLEDORE And that will, I think, have made all the difference. I suspect you now realize that you and Voldemort have been connected by something other than fate since that night in Godrics Hollow all those years ago, Harry. HARRY Its true, isnt it, sir? A bit of him lives in me, doesnt it? DUMBLEDORE Did. It was just destroyed only moments ago by none other than Voldemort himself. Harry plays his fingers over his sternum. DUMBLEDORE You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry; the Horcrux he never meant to make. HARRY And you knew this? Thats why you were certain I wouldnt die? DUMBLEDORE Certain? No. Little is certain in this world, Harry. Call it an educated guess. Dumbledore smiles. Harry ponders this, then, deep in the mist, the THUMPING returns. HARRY Professor, is that -- ? DUMBLEDORE Something beyond either of our help. Harry ponders his surroundings. HARRY Exactly where are we, sir?





DUMBLEDORE I was going to ask you that. Where would you say that we are? HARRY It looks like Kings Cross station -- only a lot cleaner. And without the trains. DUMBLEDORE Kings Cross! Is that right? Well, this is, as they say, your party. Harry looks perplexed by this, but Dumbledore only smiles. HARRY Sir, why didnt you just tell me about the Deathly Hallows? DUMBLEDORE You will have to forgive me, Harry. You see... I didnt trust you. Harry stares at him. looks troubled. For the first time, Dumbledore

DUMBLEDORE I feared that you would make the same mistake I made, that you would be intoxicated by the power the Hallows promise their possessor. But I crave your pardon, Harry. Its clear to me now, as it should have been all along, that you are the better man. HARRY Sir -DUMBLEDORE You are the worthy possessor of the Hallows, Harry, not me. I was fit to own the Elder Wand, because I took it not for gain, but to save others from it. But I took the Stone because I longed to recall someone who has long been at peace and for that I paid with my life.





HARRY You wanted to see Ariana again, didnt you, sir? DUMBLEDORE Yes. Harry ponders this, then frowns. HARRY I used the Stone as well, sir, only a little while ago when I entered the Forest. I saw my mum and dad, and Sirius and Lupin... DUMBLEDORE True. But ask yourself this: were you calling them? Or were they calling you? Harry studies Dumbledore, whose expression remains serene. DUMBLEDORE (looking him in the eye) You are the true master of death, Harry, because the true master does not seek to run away from death. He accepts that he must die, and understands that there are far, far worse things in the living world. For a moment, they stand in silence. HARRY Ive got to go back, havent I? DUMBLEDORE That is up to you. HARRY Ive got a choice? DUMBLEDORE Oh yes. We are in Kings Cross, you say? I think, should you so decide, you would be able to, lets say, board a train. HARRY And where would it take me?





DUMBLEDORE On. Harry nods. HARRY Voldemorts got the Elder Wand. DUMBLEDORE True. HARRY And the snake lives. DUMBLEDORE Yes. HARRY And Ive nothing to kill it with. DUMBLEDORE Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it. Harry glances at him. DUMBLEDORE I have always prized my ability to turn a phrase -- words are, in my not so humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic, capable both of inflicting injury and remedying it. But I would -in this case -- amend my original statement to this: (leaning close) Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who most deserve it... (leaning back) Assuming circumstances in the main are favorable to such an outcome, of course. HARRY With all due respect, sir, I think what we need here is a miracle. DUMBLEDORE Ive never put much stock in miracles, Harry. On the other hand, I can attest wholly to the extensive advantages of a related phenomenon.




HARRY Which would be, sir? DUMBLEDORE Luck. Harry studies Dumbledores face, then peers back into the mist again. The THUMPING continues, more faintly. DUMBLEDORE Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living and, above all, those who live without love. HARRY Sir, my mothers Patronus. It was a doe, wasnt it? Just like Professor Snapes. Curious, dont you think? DUMBLEDORE Actually, if I think about it... it doesnt seem curious at all. (a smile) Ill be going now, Harry. HARRY Professor. As Dumbledore stops, Harry gestures vaguely. HARRY Is this real? Or has this been happening inside my head? DUMBLEDORE Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry. But why should that mean that it is not real? Dumbledore beams as the mist thickens around him, then swallows him altogether... NARCISSA (O.S.) (in a whisper) Is he alive...? 334 EXT. FORBIDDEN FOREST - CLEARING - NIGHT Harry lies facedown, glasses askew. He OPENS his eyes a millimeter, finds Narcissas face swimming in the dawns muted light, eyeing him with a strange intensity: the question, he realizes, was posed to him.






BELLATRIX My lord, let me help you -VOLDEMORT I do not require assistance. Across the clearing, Voldemort rises shakily, Bellatrix at his elbow. The Death Eaters watch, stirring uncertainly. Voldemort glances toward Narcissa, toward Harry. Bellatrix detects the wary glint in his eyes. The boy. BELLATRIX Is he dead? She

Harrys eyes shift, meet Narcissas once again. Something in her expression... He closes his eyes. places her fingers over his heart, WHISPERS: Is he alive? NARCISSA Draco?

Harry hesitates and then... nods -- so subtly its barely perceptible. Narcissa withdraws her hand, turns to where Bellatrix stands alongside Voldemort. Nods. The Death Eaters CHEER. Hagrid HOWLS in misery. The news seems to rejuvenate Voldemort. A fierce glint returns to his eyes. His stature grows. He eyes the Elder Wand... and smiles. 335 EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER) Neville, battle-scared and weary, perches atop a fallen statue in the chill morning air. Reaching into his pocket, he removes his WAND, holds it to the light... and watches the TIP drop like the head of a drowsy child. BROKEN. He tosses it away. NEW ANGLE - NEVILLE - NIGHT Neville kicks through the rubble. One could reconstruct the history of Hogwarts from the detritus before him: spell books, trophies, potion boxes. But Nevilles expression remains stoic, unsentimental. Hes seen too much in the last 12 hours. CLOSE ON THE PEAK OF A HAT Neville crouches down, studies it. Reaching out, he wiggles it free, slaps it against his thigh to chase the dust. The Sorting Hat.






He ponders it, regarding its ragged surface, singed and torn, then pops it on his head, a beaten jester. Again, his face remains blank. He squints, peering vaguely into the distance. As he gaze falls on the bridge, he stops. An odd procession approaches. 336 EXT. VIADUCT - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT Hagrid lurches forward awkwardly, CLUTCHING a BODY in his arms, ropes extending in three directions from his neck as a trio of Death Eaters -- one in front, two behind -jerk him along like a tethered beast. From Hagrid, Nevilles gaze drifts to Bellatrix and Narcissa and then to Voldemort himself -- dark, fierce -- before settling on the most unnerving sight: a giant wending snake. 337 EXT. COURTYARD - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT Suddenly a WHISPER fills Nevilles ears. SORTING HAT Dont despair, Longbottom. you in Gryffindor for good reason... I put 337 336

The Hat COUGHS then, raining dust over Nevilles brow and he whips it off, studies it warily. GINNY (O.S.) Whos that? Neville turns, sees that Ginny has come out onto the broken steps and is staring at the procession. GINNY ... Hagrids carrying? Neville just stares, mute. Her eyes shift then, to him, and he sees they are glistening faintly. Her voice, when she speaks, nearly gets lost in the morning breeze. GINNY Neville, who is that? Before he can answer, others begin to spill out of the castle. Luna and Seamus. Cho. Arthur Weasley. Ron and Hermione emerge and, seeing the procession... know. Hermione draws a sharp breath and something about it -the unadulterated sense of loss contained within it -causes those around her to look and know as well. ARTHUR WEASLEY Whats going on here, Neville?




Neville starts to speak but falters and then, simply because he cant bear to look at Ginnys face and the faces of the others looking to him for something, anything, he turns his gaze to the Hat dangling in his hand. And as he does, something GLINTS within. As he stares... we -CUT TO: 338 EXT. VIADUCT - PROCESSION - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAWN ... Voldemort and the others, moving with them, as they draw near. Voldemort surveys the ruins of the castle and the beaten posture of the throng assembled upon its steps. He smiles faintly, with cruel satisfaction. VOLDEMORT Behold, Nagini. Our work is done. 339 EXT. COURTYARD - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAWN Ron, Hermione, Ginny and the others stand silently as the procession comes to a halt before them. All eyes drift to Hagrid and what lays in his arms. GINNY No... NO! Ginnys primal cry echoes over the grounds as she rushes towards Voldemort, but Arthur steps between and wraps his daughter in his arms, letting her struggle briefly before pulling her tighter, closer, safer. VOLDEMORT SILENCE! Voldemort points his wand to the sky with a CRACK. Stupid girl. VOLDEMORT You cry for that? 339 338

Voldemort gestures to the body lying still in Hagrids arms. VOLDEMORT (addressing all) Tell me. These last few hours -as you collected the dead and tended your wounded -- was he by your side? Voldemort surveys the throng, who stand mute. as if their silence were answer enough. He nods,




VOLDEMORT While your hands ran dark with the blood of mothers and sons, fathers and daughters, brothers and sisters, his were clasped in prayer -- but it was a prayer for one and one only. While you battled courageously, until you could no longer will yourself to stand, he had long since fallen to his knees. While you cursed me until your voices grew ragged, he begged me for mercy in a voice as meek as a childs. Voldemorts eyes narrow. VOLDEMORT So do not cry for that. Hes not worthy of your tears. And do not despair of his betrayal. You were never in his heart. Not for one single solitary beat. RON Liar! Voldemort flicks his wand and Ron drops to his knees, grimacing in pain. Voldemort gestures to him. VOLDEMORT Did you not hear me! Harry Potter is dead! From this day forward, you put your faith in me or suffer the consequences. HARRY POTTER IS DEAD! Nagini HISSES MADLY as Voldemort, looking a touch mad himself, rakes his eyes over the students and staff. VOLDEMORT Now is the time to declare yourself. There is a nervous MURMUR among the crowd. LUCIUS MALFOY Draco... Draco looks up, sees his father summon him forth with a short nod. He hesitates. Lucius smiles thinly. LUCIUS MALFOY Draco, dont be stupid -(CONTINUED)



NARCISSA Come, Draco. Her tone is quiet, but absolute. Draco looks into her eyes, then ducks his head and steps forward, avoiding the baleful glances directed his way as he crosses the gulf between factions. Ron mutters poisonously as he passes. RON He saved your life. Draco falters briefly, stung, then joins his mother. She hands him a WAND, Harrys wand. He stares at it bleakly. VOLDEMORT Well done, Draco. Who will be next? Hm? Come now, dont be shy. We TRAVEL OVER FACES, weary but resolved, eyes burning with defiance, then LAND ON Neville, chin on chest, gaze to the ground. As the Sorting Hat rocks gently in his hand, something GLINTS within again, and a QUIVERING PARABOLA OF REFLECTED LIGHT dances above his brow. He steps forward. Stunned, the others watch Neville -- blackened with soot, Sorting Hat in hand -- limp to a halt in front of Voldemort, who regards him with amusement. VOLDEMORT Well, I must say, Id hoped for better. Is this truly the best Hogwarts has to offer? The Death Eaters laugh. amusement. Bellatrix grins in cruel

VOLDEMORT Who might you be, young man? NEVILLE Neville Longbottom. VOLDEMORT Well, welcome, Neville. Im sure we can find a place for you in our ranks. BELLATRIX Someone has to do the washing. The Death Eaters ROAR.




VOLDEMORT Now, now, Bellatrix. Lets not underestimate our young friend. By stepping forward, he lives to see another day... Voldemorts eyes shift, regard those standing before him. The implication of his statement is not lost on them. NEVILLE Id like to say something. Voldemorts brow furrows vaguely. we -As he studies Neville, CUT TO: HARRY ... as his eyelids separate ever-so-slightly. HARRYS POV OF NEVILLE He studies his face when... the CURIOUS REFLECTION QUIVERS once again. Harry watches it dance briefly across Nevilles cheek before vanishing. Harrys gaze shifts to the Sorting Hat in Nevilles hand, then shifts again, to Nagini. BACK TO SCENE VOLDEMORT Very well, Neville. Im sure wed all be fascinated to hear what you have to say. Neville turns to the others, their weary faces regarding him with confusion, suspicion. NEVILLE It doesnt matter that Harry is gone. A troubled MURMUR ripples through the crowd. SEAMUS (angrily) Stand down, Neville! Seamus tries to push forward but Ron grips his arm, holds him back, though not happily.




NEVILLE People die every day. Friends. Family. Yes, we lost Harry tonight. But hes still with us, here -(tapping his heart) And so is Fred and Remus and Tonks and... all of them. They didnt die in vain. (turning to Bellatrix) But you will. (to a trio of Death Eaters) And you and you and you will. (to Voldemort) And so will you. Because youre wrong. Harrys heart did beat for us. All of us... Neville takes a step forward, looks Voldemort in the eye and SPITS. Then he reaches into the Sorting Hat. NEVILLE This isnt over. SCARLET glints in Voldemorts eyes and he smiles, raising the Elder Wand when Neville -- in keen anticipation -reaches into the Sorting Hat and pulls forth... The Sword of Gryffindor. As Voldemorts wand FIRES, Neville parries and the curse REBOUNDS, taking out the QUARTET of DEATH EATERS flanking Bellatrix -- only she is quick enough to deflect the curse. As she SCREAMS in FURY, Harry spills from Hagrids arms. Voldemort wheels wildly in Harrys direction when: DRACO Potter! Harry turns. Dracos hand whips forward and -- to Harrys shock -- tosses him his wand. Ron GRINS. RON Well done, Malfoy! (to himself) Cant believe I just said that. Wand in hand, Harry turns and -- in one continuous motion -- FIRES on Voldemort. Voldemort blocks the spell, eyeing Harry with mild disbelief, then anger.




NAGINI HISSES -- as if attuned to Voldemorts emotions -and RIBBONS toward Harry. As she STRIKES, Harry sidesteps her -- by inches -- then stumbles back and counters. HARRY Confringo! FLAMES run the length of Nagini -- with no effect -- then climb the back of a nearby Death Eater and consume him. Enraged that Harry has attacked Nagini, Voldemort FIRES a VOLLEY of CURSES. Harry parries the first, then falls back into a cloister. The stonework EXPLODES all around him, creating THREE RAGGED HOLES. He pelts away. 339A INT./EXT. COURTYARD/GREAT HALL ENTRANCE - DAWN As Harry arrives at the doors to the Great Hall, he finds Ron and Hermione there. The snake! snake! HARRY Weve got to kill the 339A

Neville, only a few yards off, sword in hand, OVERHEARS. As his eyes shift to Voldemort and Nagini. Harry! NEVILLE Look out!

Harry wheels, sees Voldemort drawing a bead on him. As Harry begins to raise his wand, Neville steps between, brandishing the sword... ... just as Voldemorts WAND BLAZES and Nevilles world explodes. Taking the full brunt of it all, Neville grimaces, watching as Voldemorts spell -- like a CURRENT OF ELECTRICITY -- races up the swords blade to the hilt... ... and PITCHES off his feet and fifty feet back into the Great Hall. Harry exchanges a glance with Ron and Hermione. Their faces say it all: no one could have survived that. The Entrance Hall EXPLODES with COUNTER-FIRE as members of the Order, students and staff return fire. Voldemort FLICKS his WAND, the AIR PRICKLING with DISTURBANCE as he SUMMONS a SHIELD of AIR insulating himself from attack. As he sweeps forward, he responds with a DEVASTATING SERIES of SPELLS and the Entrance Hall QUAKES. Harry turns and dashes...





INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - DAWN (MOMENTS LATER) ... up the stairs, picking his way through the rubble and limp bodies strewn upon the steps, attempting to draw Voldemort -- and Nagini -- away from the others. It works. Nagini! VOLDEMORT With me!



Voldemort, his cloak swirling like water, the great snake at his heel, strides toward the stairs and FIRES. Harry flinches as SHARDS of MARBLE rain down upon him. Wheeling, he fires back. Voldemort parries Harrys spells with frightening ease, mounting the steps and firing again and again. Eyes darting frantically, Harry blocks the spells with a mixture of skill, instinct and pure luck. He stumbles back, FIRING WILDLY. One of his spells skitters down the steps and strikes Nagini. The snake HISSES, unharmed but ANGRY. VOLDEMORT Leave her! Voldemorts eyes glitter with RAGE, as if he himself had been struck by the spell. Harry FIRES again, purposely aiming for the snake this time. Voldemort counters with palpable FURY, spells CAROMING MADLY up and down the staircase. Harry shields his eyes briefly, then looks down and sees... ... a CLOUD OF SMOKE hanging over the stairs from Voldemorts spells, but Voldemort himself is... gone. Harry glances about frantically, then WHOOSH! The hairs on the back of Harrys neck rise. He turns. Voldemort materializes at the top of the stairs, fires a RIBBON of FIRE at him. Harry counters it, but it is so powerful he cant deflect it. He stands, connected to Voldemort by the rippling ribbon of fire. He stumbles back, the muscles in his forearm twitching in pain. He hears a HEAVY ROLLING SOUND, like meat slapping a marble table and looks over his shoulder, downwards. Nagini is undulating upward, over the steps, toward Harry. As the snake HISSES an oddly SIMILAR SOUND escapes Voldemorts lips as he pushes his advantage. The ribboning flames grow more intense, begin to lick the flesh of Harrys wand hand.




Harry glances once more at Nagini who draws closer, then back at Voldemort, who stares fiercely at Harry, willing the FLAMES down the ribbon of light toward Harry. Harry winces as the flames SINGE the HAIR on his knuckles. Then, summoning every bit of strength hes got, Harry... ... breaks the spell, staggering away, as the ribbon of light shoots upward and the ceiling above gives way, raining debris onto Nagini. VOLDEMORT I said LEAVE HER! Harry peers down at the wreckage below, then watches Nagini slither free, her thick braids oozing with lacerations, but otherwise unharmed. WOOSH! Harry turns and Voldemort VANISHES again, only to... ... reappear seconds later on Harrys blind side. Harry wheels and, in a sweeping motion, sends a CLUSTER of DEBRIS hurling at Voldemort. Instantly, Voldemort reaches out his hand and the debris grows smaller as it flies toward him, until, as it reaches his hand, it appears to vanish altogether. Then he turns his palm upward. SAND runs between his fingers to the floor. Harry stands watching, stunned. His eyes meet Voldemorts. Voldemorts eyes narrow eerily -- in a most unhuman way -- and he... HISSES. Harry stumbles back, freaked out, when: VOLDEMORT (in Parseltongue) Now, my sweet. Now. Harry turns, sees Nagini, only yards away, rising to strike. He fires instinctively, then dashes for the balustrade and leaps... ... into the air... ... falling... ... and falling... ... until...





... he lands, on the stone floor below, awkwardly, painfully. He glances up, sees Voldemorts face. Instantly, Voldemort flicks his wand and the stone floor around Harry explodes, the surface dancing like water. He turns, glances around desperately, then spies... ... a DOOR. 341-345 OMITTED 346 INT. THE OXFORD CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAWN ... through, into a corridor TEEMING with SMOKE. In the distance, a PATCH of LIGHT drifts oddly in the swirling mist, glowing weakly, then is swallowed by the smoke. Far off SCREAMS -- the cries of battle -- HANG in the air, hollow and distant. Harry moves through the mist, feeling his way. The walls shimmer like skin on his periphery, barely discernible, melting, lost in shadow. A LOW BEATING rises in Harrys ears, RAPID at first then growing slower and slower as it increases in volume and all ambient sound drifts away, revealing the low beating to be... ... the THRUMMING of Harrys heart. 346A INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - SAME TIME - DAWN Voldemort sweeps down to the lower landing and pauses, eyeing the DOOR AHEAD. He glances up, in the direction of Nagini -- conflicted. VOLDEMORT Nagini! He waits, sees the giant snake begin to wend its way down. Then passes through the door. NEW ANGLE - NAGINI - MOVING ... flowing like water ever downward when -- THWACK! -- a BIT of RUBBLE bounces off her slithering tail. She HISSES, coiling in on herself, blunt head darting about warily. NEW ANGLE - LOWER STAIR Hermione stands, watching. another SHARP FRAGMENT. Rearing back, she hurls 346A Without thinking, he pelts towards it and... 341-345 346

As the fragment hits its mark, Nagini strikes blindly, furious, then spies Hermione. Instantly she begins to slither toward her. As Hermione stands her ground, we DOLLY LEFT and REVEAL Ron, clutching a BASILISK FANG in his FIST. 346B INT. OXFORD CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - DAWN Harry pushes himself forward, blindly, silently. He squints. Up ahead, DARK COILS of IMPOSSIBLY THICK smoke corkscrew from the stone floor. WHOOSH! Harry wheels, watches a FIGURE materialize back at the doorway. The smoke shifts, revealing Voldemort. He raises his wand, pointing it directly at Harry as the smoke thickens once again, concealing him. Seconds later... ... a RIBBON of FIRE erupts through the mist, stitching its way through the smoke towards Harry. Harry watches -transfixed for a moment -- then flings himself aside, narrowly eluding the sizzling ribbon of fire. WHOOSH! Voldemort vanishes, becoming one with the smoke, and Harry feels a RUSH OF AIR rocket past him. He spins, blindly, and watches a disturbance of smoke several yards. WHOOSH! ... the air TREMBLES WITH DISTURBANCE once more, but violently this time, the SMOKE WHIRLING crazily up and down the corridor. Harry spins in a circle -- wand raised -- paranoid. A second ribbon of fire comes from the blackness narrowly missing Harry. Harry staggers on, tripping over the BODIES that litter the stone floor, desperately gulping for air as the SMOKE grows thicker, CHOKING HIM, a rag doll in the eye of a TORNADO, the LIGHT ahead BLOOMING more BRILLIANTLY as he rushes on, BLINDING him as his HEART THRUMS MADLY and VOLDEMORTS VOICE RISES IN HIS EARS... VOLDEMORT Die! Die! Voldemorts face FLICKERS before him briefly, insanely, and HARRY SCREAMS, pitching himself forward and then he is IN THE LIGHT, passing through, beyond the archway and... 346B



346BB

INT. STAIRCASE - DAWN (MOMENTS LATER)

346BB

... onto a shattered staircase, the sound of Voldemort -in pursuit -- thrumming in his ears as he races desperately on before... 346C INT. BATTLEMENTS - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAWN ... staggering out onto the battlement, gulping air. He stops, looks around. Realizes he is trapped. He turns as Voldemort emerges, begins to raise his wand but... Too late. Voldemorts spells BLAST him off his feet. 346D INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - LOWER STAIR - SAME TIME - DAWN Nagini ribbons forth rapidly, flowing effortlessly through the rubble that obstructs her path. Suddenly, up ahead, Hermione comes INTO VIEW, wand extended. She FIRES. Nagini HISSES, continuing on. Hermione lowers her wand, standing perfectly still as... Ron PELTS INTO VIEW, FANG IN HAND. He lifts the tusk when -- Nagini spies him and -- wicked fast -- uncoils her tail, knocking the fang from his hand. He watches it clatter down the stone steps, then looks back at the great snake. It begins to move... toward him. 346E INT. BATTLEMENTS - SAME TIME - DAWN As Harry climbs to his feet, Voldemort sends a RIBBON OF DARK MATTER snaking through the air. Harry blocks it, DEFLECTING IT DOWNWARD, where it EXPLODES VIOLENTLY. As the walkway beneath his feet gives way, HARRY DROPS, just as another of Voldemorts spells sails over his head and... ... Harry drops to a walkway below. Harry glances up, sees Voldemorts SHADOW begin to move forward. He glances around, then dashes for a DOORWAY ahead. is almost there when: WHOOSH! TENDRILS of FABRIC encircle his ankle, arm and neck and SPIN HIM ROUND. Harry looks: He 346E 346D 346C

Voldemort stands upon the walkway now, CLOAK SWIRLING MADLY as the hem UNRAVELS and CLOTH VIPERS slither across the walkway and up Harrys body. Before Harry can react, Voldemort flicks his wand and SNAPS the cloth tight, reeling Harry toward him. VOLDEMORT Why do you live! As Voldemorts face looms close, eyeing Harry like a curious specimen, Harry looks up. HARRY Because I have something worth living for. Angrily, Voldemort poises the Elder Wand over HARRYS SCAR. The flesh there begins to color with blood, the lightning bolt turning white as ice. And then... Voldemorts HAND BEGINS TO TREMBLE. He stares at the wand and watches -- in horror -- as a CRACK APPEARS and begins to expand along its length. For a moment, he only stares, as if betrayed... Harry looks too, mind racing. The TENDRILS encircling him begin to FRAY, loosening their grip on him ever-soslightly. He wiggles his hand free and LASHES OUT, striking Voldemort across the cheek. Voldemorts eyes shift, glaring at Harry, when he looks down, watches a DROP of BLOOD strike the fabric encircling Harrys wrist. He reaches up, fingers his cheek: BLOOD. Instantly, Harry steps back. HARRY Confringo! The tendrils of fabric BURST INTO FLAMES. Voldemort falls back and -- with his fractured wand -- slices the burning ribbons. As they turn to ash, Harry stumbles back and Voldemort picks him up and hurls him INTO A WALL. As he rises, Voldemort fires again. 346F INT. GREAT HALL - DAWN A PAIR OF EYES... OPEN. BLINK. 346F

BLURRY POV SHADOWS streak across our PLANE OF VIEW, like warriors in an ancient shadow play. SOUND SURFACES SLOWLY, ODDLY, as if our EAR DRUMS were numb and swollen and gradually returning to normal. We return to the EYES, unblinking, slowly drifting in their sockets, taking in the sound and fury that dances across the irises. We PULL BACK and REVEAL... Neville. Bruised but unbowed. In an instant, it all comes clear -- to him and us -- that the Hall is full of WIZARDS, fighting. Something glimmers in Nevilles periphery: The Sword of Gryffindor. Bellatrix LAUGHS MADLY as she stands upon a table, wand in hand, spraying the room with spells. As she pivots, one BOLT just misses Ginny. MRS. WEASLEY NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH! Mrs. Weasley pitches her cloak, wand raised. ROARS with laughter at sight of her. BELLATRIX Come on, granny, give us your best. Mrs. Weasley fires a volley of spells and Bellatrixs smile fades. As she counters, JETS of LIGHT fly back and forth, skittering off the tables and overturned benches. Just then... Neville comes INTO VIEW, clutching the Sword of Gryffindor now, bumping past McGonagall and Dean Thomas as they battle a pair of Death Eaters, his gaze fully forward and oddly intent. As Mrs. Weasley parries a ferocious BLAST from Bellatrix, George, Bill and Mr. Weasley leap into the breach, raise their wands... MRS. WEASLEY Back off, boys! Shes mine! (glaring at Bellatrix) You will never touch my children again! Bellatrix





CONTINUED: (2)

BELLATRIX Be thankful we only took one. Besides... (indicating George) Its not like you dont have a spare. As Bellatrix GRINS, a MASSIVE GREEN BOLT of LIGHT spits from Mrs. Weasleys wand, striking Bellatrix directly in the sternum. Bellatrixs smile curdles, then she topples to the floor, still. A BLOOD-CHILLING SCREAM fills the air... 346G INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - LOWER STAIR - SAME TIME - DAWN Nagini writhes forward angrily as Ron dashes away. Seconds later, Hermione COMES INTO FRAME, running alongside. RON Hermione! HERMIONE Yes! RON I need to tell you something! She glances at him, then looks straight ahead, still running. HERMIONE I dont want you to say anything you wouldnt say if we werent about to be killed by a giant snake! Itll just ruin it! Ron starts to respond, then says... nothing. 346H EXT. BATTLEMENTS - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAWN Harry rises and Voldemort fires again, but Harry simply rises again. Furious, Voldemort steps forward and points the wand only inches from Harrys forehead, seething. Harry glances behind, his vision spinning. Nothing is behind him. Only a void beyond the blasted battlement. Only sky and a great fall. He turns back to Voldemort. HARRY You were right. Voldemorts eyes glitter curiously. to the wand in Voldemorts hand. Harrys eyes drift

HARRY When you told Professor Snape it was failing you. It will always fail you. VOLDEMORT It belongs to me! I killed Snape! HARRY (taunting him) But what if the wand never belonged to him? What if the wands allegiance was to someone else? Voldemort stares at him. Confused. And suddenly, in this moment, it is Harry, beaten and bloody, who seems in control. He smiles, then presses even closer, his voice quiet, vaguely taunting: HARRY Come on, Tom. Lets end this the way we started it... Harry grabs Voldemorts cloak in both hands. HARRY Together. And then he falls back, pulling them both... 347-349 OMITTED 350 EXT. CASTLE FACE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAWN ... into the void... 351 351A OMITTED INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAWN Hermione and Ron dash down the stairs. Nagini closes on them. And then -- suddenly -- Nagini HISSES MADLY, twisting crazily on the steps, tail SNAPPING BACK and forth, shattering stairs and walls. HERMIONE Whats the matter with her? 351 351A 347-349 350





EXT. CASTLE FACE - SAME TIME - DAWN Harry and Voldemort plummet, twisting crazily, when suddenly a CRACK fills the sky and they APPARATE into a PLUME. NEW ANGLE - HARRY AND VOLDEMORT ... entwined, morphing monstrously in and out of one another, a single screaming beast one minute, adversaries the next, hurtling downward, toward the courtyard below...





INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - SAME TIME - DAWN Hermione and Ron watch Nagini THRASH. As rubble rains down, they begin to run for the Great Hall, skirting Flitwick and Hagrid, who battle a pair of Death Eaters on the stairs. Further up the marble stairs, PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY raises her wand, draws a bead on a Death Eater and with a forceful flick, sends him flying through the air. Seamus regards her with amazement. TRELAWNEY Theres more to me than incense and tea leaves, Mr. Finnegan.





EXT. COURTYARD - SAME TIME - DAWN The fighting wizards stop, peer upward at the plume above. As it STREAKS TOWARD THE GROUND, another CRACK fills the sky and Harry and Voldemort burst apart as they meet the ground, rolling onto their feet facing one another across the courtyard. Chests heaving, they stare at one another, then Voldemorts eyes shift. Harry follows his gaze and watches the Elder Wand roll to a rest. I told you: HARRY its useless to you.



Just then, Ron and Hermione burst INTO VIEW, followed by Nagini. Nagini rises, ready to strike. Harry turns, wand in hand, but hes too late. Ron reaches out... and takes Hermiones hand. Voldemort grabs the Elder Wand...

Naginis head drops toward Ron and Hermione... Harry watches in horror as... Neville -- appearing out of nowhere -- steps into the breach, sword in hand, and with one mighty swing... ... SEVERS NAGINIS HEAD. Voldemort freezes, watching Naginis body thrash madly for a time before going still. The great snakes head tumbles end-over-end and then, as it comes to a rest... VOLDEMORT BELLOWS IN PAIN and turns, firing on Harry. Instinctively, Harry raises his wand, countering... ... and the Elder Wand sails from Voldemorts hand, turning end-over-end, the spell... ... ricocheting back on him. He stands, utterly still for a moment, his eyes on Harry, then drops. Dead. 352-363 OMITTED 364 EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY (LATER) A light breeze blows over the damaged grounds. 365 INT. GREAT HALL - SAME TIME - DAY Quiet now. Theyre all here, some huddled together in small groups, nursing their wounds. There are no tears, just quiet LAUGHTER and low conversation. Harry stands at the top of the Hall, surveying it all, then begins to walk. The Weasleys huddle together, Ginnys head resting on her mothers shoulder, her eyes distant. The Malfoys sit in the shadows, avoiding eye contact. McGonagall steps into the aisle, gives him a hug, lightly touches his face, then turns away, eyes glistening. Aberforth and Oliver Wood sit around goblets of something strong. Aberforth gives him a stoic nod.

Dean and Seamus LAUGH together at a table. Filch communes with Mrs. Norris. Flitwick and Sprout sit quietly, dazed. Cho looks up from a group of Ravenclaws, smiles faintly. Neville sits wearily, the Sword of Gryffindor still clutched limply in his hand. Luna sits down beside him. Close. Smiles. And then Harry looks up and sees Hagrid filling the aisle. Tears in his eyes. He steps forward, wraps Harry in his massive arms. Harry WINCES, then Hagrid releases him, cuffs him on the arm and hobbles away, blowing his nose in a GIANT HANDKERCHIEF. Harry watches him go, then turns, sees: Hermione and Ron. him. 366 Standing by the doorway. Watching

EXT. VIADUCT - DAY (LATER) The trio walk together, then stop, look back at the battered castle in the distance. RON Not exactly leaving the place better than we found it, are we? HERMIONE Cant make an omelette without breaking a few eggs. Ron gives her a screwy look. wearily, frowns. She shakes her head



HERMIONE Something my mum used to say. Harry studies her, absently playing his fingers over the Elder Wand. She looks over, nods to it. HERMIONE Why didnt it work for him? Elder wand. The

HARRY Because it answers to another. Ron and Hermione study him.





HARRY When he killed Snape, he thought the wand would become his. But the thing is... it never belonged to Snape. Harry turns the wand in the light, eyeing its brutish surface as he speaks. HARRY It was Draco who disarmed Dumbledore that night on the Astronomy Tower. From that moment on, the wand answered to him. Until the other night... (looking up) ... when I disarmed Draco. RON But that means... Harry nods. HARRY It answers to me. Hermione stares at Harry. Ron stares at the wand.

RON What do you reckon we should do with it? HERMIONE We? RON Im just saying. Thats the Elder Wand! Its the most powerful bloody wand in the world! With that, we could, we could -Hermione raises her hand and Ron stops, sees that her eyes are fixed on Harry, who is staring at the wand, his concentration total. She studies his face for a long moment, and then -- as if coming to understand something -- begins to nod. As Harry peers down at his hands, Ron and Hermione do as well, watching as he takes the ends of the wand and... Snap! ... breaks it in two. Ron stares, stunned. Hermione smiles. Harry, his face a mask, simply turns and...




Pitches the pieces over the edge of the viaduct. For a moment, the trio stand in silence, as if words would bring the bridge crashing down. Finally, Harry glances off at the ruins of the castle, smoldering in the distance. HARRY Well, it wasnt boring, was it? Ron turns, ready with a reply, but whatever words were there -- briefly -- are gone before he can utter them. They all stare into the distance, giving themselves over to the silence. Then -- tentatively, tenderly -- fingers reach out -- Hermiones -- and brush Ron and Harrys. They look over. See that her eyes are closed, as if she were committing the moment to memory. They glance briefly at one another and then -- tentatively, tenderly -- interlace their own fingers with Hermiones, looking off and -- like her -- closing their eyes. Gradually, the BIRDSONGS lilting in the BREEZE give way to CAR HORNS... 367 EXT. KINGS CROSS - MORNING (19 YEARS LATER) Two PARENTS, pushing TROLLEYS, shepherd their THREE CHILDREN toward the great sooty station. 368 EXT. PLATFORM - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER) Commuters stare curiously as the family weaves its way to a BARRIER between platforms nine and ten. As they come to a halt, the parents faces come clear: Harry, now 36 years old, and Ginny, now 35. Beside them are their children: JAMES (12), ALBUS (11) and LILY -- the youngest. James, mischief in his eyes, looks back at his brother just before he runs through the barrier. And... VANISHES. Albus grips the handle of his trolley nervously, finding it hard to follow. Harry appears behind him, smiles tenderly, sees his sons nervousness. OLDER HARRY Together? Albus nods and, side by side, they run the trolley at the barrier and... 368 367





INT. PLATFORM 9 3/4 - CONTINUOUS ACTION - MORNING ... emerge onto a new platform where a SCARLET STEAM ENGINE pours WHITE SMOKE into the air. Seconds later, Ginny and Lily appear. Albus peers about anxiously. There is a riot of activity, as wizarding parents see off their children and trunks are loaded. There are lots of first years like ALBUS, looking equally nervous and being given a final send-off. ALBUS looks at it all with trepidation. LILY races off chasing a paper bird that flies through the crowd. Up ahead ALBUS sees FOUR PEOPLE through the steam: Ron, Hermione and their two children, ROSE (11) and little HUGO, as ROSES luggage is packed onto the train -gentle goodbyes. RON waves over to HARRY. OLDER HERMIONE gives her daughter ROSE one last hug. OLDER HERMIONE Dont forget to give Professor Longbottom our best. ALBUS looks at the train, then back to HARRY. disappears... Then he



HARRY and GINNY share a knowing look, and then as GINNY takes charge of the trolley, HARRY returns to ALBUS, who is now kneeling down, struggling with his shoelace. HARRY leans down and joins him. ALBUS Will there really be thestrals pulling the carriages? Harry eyes his son warmly. OLDER HARRY Theres nothing scary about thestrals. Theyre gentle things. Anyway, you wont be going up to school in the carriages. Youll be going in the boats, remember? Albus nods, looks down. ALBUS Dad? OLDER HARRY Yes?





ALBUS What if Im put in Slytherin? Harry studies his son long and hard. Leans close.

OLDER HARRY Albus Severus Potter. You were named after two Headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin. And he was probably the bravest man I ever knew. Albus nods, thinks for a moment... then frowns. ALBUS But just say I am -OLDER HARRY Then Slytherin House will have gained a wonderful wizard. But listen, if it means so much to you, you can choose Gryffindor. The Sorting Hat takes your choice into account. ALBUS Really? OLDER HARRY Really. The TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS and Albus eyes go wide. OLDER HARRY Ready? ALBUS Ready. They stand, consider each other for a moment, then HARRY leans over and gives his son a big hug. ALBUS settles into his seat opposite ROSE, looks around him, a chocolate frog jumps up the window, a Weasley Firework caroms down the train corridor beyond. This is going to be quite a journey. ALBUS smiles and looks out to his Dad. Raises a hand to wave. And the train jolts to a start. HARRY, GINNY, RON, and HERMIONE watch with affection.





LILY looks like all she wants to do is to jump on the train and leave with it. The train heads off. We SLOWLY MOVE INTO HARRY as he waves, pride, and more than a little nostalgia clear in his face, as the train slips away.

FADE TO BLACK.

THE END

THIS SCRIPT WAS PREPARED BY WARNER BROS. PICTURES SCRIPT PROCESSING DEPARTMENT (818) 954-4632

